MATT: Hello everyone, and
welcome to tonight's episode
of Critical Role, where a bunch
of us nerdy-ass voice actors
sit around and play
Dungeons & Dragons.
ALL: (discordant yelling)
We play Dungeons & Dragons!
LIAM: ♪ Oh ♪
(laughter)
MATT: Before we get
into tonight's episode,
we do have some
announcements to get through.
Beginning with the
first of our sponsors,
our friends at Ravensburger.
TRAVIS: Ravensburger.
MATT: Sam.
SAM: This episode is sponsored
by our friends at Ravensburger
and the newest in
their award-winning
Disney Villainous
line, Despicable Plots,
featuring three new villains:
Gaston from Beauty
and The Beast,
the Horned King from
The Black Cauldron,
and my favorite,
Lady Tremaine from Cinderella.
It can be played as
a standalone game
or as an expansion
for up to six players
using other Disney Villainous
titles to expand the plot.
And hey, speaking
of despicable plots.
TRAVIS: Uh-huh?
SAM: I'm going to give
the cast an opportunity
to weave their own
dastardly web of evil,
on my head.
That's right,
fellow cast members,
you're going to
give me a haircut.
Using this map of my head--
LAURA: No!
SAM: I would like you to--
MATT: Sam--
LAURA: Sam, stop doing
this to yourself!
LIAM: No, no, no, no, no!
SAM: We're going to go around
the room, starting with Matt.
LIAM: No.
MATT: No!
SAM: You call out a number
and say if you want me
to use scissors or a
clipper and how short to go.
You guys can work as a
team and give me a mohawk.
You could focus
on one side only.
You could just do face stuff.
You could do a reverse
mohawk; it's up to you.
LAURA: (horrified) Sam! LIAM:
We do two, seven, and five,
we can just clear the
whole center of his face.
SAM: Matt, you're up,
the clock has started. MATT: We
could pull some Peter Gabriel
shit.
MARISHA: Maybe we do, like--
MATT: No! Like--
SAM: The clock
has started, Matt.
MATT: Okay, uh--
ASHLEY: I say you
get rid of all of it.
Oh, no, this is Matt.
TRAVIS: Start at the chin,
start at the chin,
start at the chin.
MATT: I'm going to say,
let's see how this,
let's go ahead with five and
let's go for the full Hogan.
MARISHA: Yes, that's
what I was going to say.
SAM: Five?
MARISHA: Do the full Hogan.
SAM: Okay, here we go. LIAM: But
how many seconds till he's
bleeding?
MARISHA: You got to do the--
SAM: Okay, okay, be thinking
of your next one, guys.
Marisha, what do you want?
MARISHA: Okay, if we're
going the full Hogan--
Oh god.
TALIESIN: One or three I
think, right? SAM: I got this.
LIAM: Ugh.
TRAVIS: What else is new?
ASHLEY: Yeah, hold
it up a little.
TALIESIN: This is really
hard to do without a mirror.
Marisha, what you got?
MARISHA: Three with the razor.
SAM: Three with the
razor, like full razor?
TRAVIS: What do you mean with
the razor? MARISHA: How do you
mean full razor?
SAM: Well, I also
have a little guard.
MARISHA: Oh. No, full trimmer.
SAM: Full trimmer.
TALIESIN: Yeah, zero.
SAM: Is this three?
TRAVIS: No, other
side, other side.
MATT: Wait, no, really, really?
(yells) Sam!
LIAM: (yells)
MATT: What are you doing?!
LIAM: Oh my god!
MATT: What the fuck?
LIAM: Give him the vanity screen
so he can see what he's doing.
SAM: Oh wait, I have
a mirror, where is it?
(laughter)
Doesn't matter, it's gone.
Who's next? Taliesin, go.
LIAM: Oh god.
TALIESIN: If we're
doing, you know?
MARISHA: Yeah.
Clean that up a bit.
TALIESIN: Yeah, clean
that up a little bit.
MARISHA: Yeah, there
you go, there you go.
TALIESIN: I'm going
to continue onto this.
I'd say, let's do one.
I'm just going to say--
LAURA: One's the other
side of your head.
SAM: Same thing?
TALIESIN: Same thing.
SAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: Use the zero.
LIAM: Who would
dare do two to him?
MARISHA: Yeah.
SAM: Oh yeah.
TALIESIN: You can hit
two with the scissors.
SAM: Oh yeah.
All right, Ash?
LIAM: I hate this.
LAURA: I don't like it.
TRAVIS: I do, I kind of like it.
ASHLEY: There's a part of
me that kind of wants you--
LAURA: You look like a
D&D character right now,
like a tavern keeper.
MATT: Kind of, yeah.
ASHLEY: There's a part of
me that kind of wants you
to take all of it off
except a poof back here.
LIAM: (groans)
LAURA: No, Ashley.
ASHLEY: I know, I'm not
going to make you do that.
SAM: I need a number.
(laughter)
I've also got scissors.
ASHLEY: I'm kind of liking
where this is going, actually.
TRAVIS: I like where it is.
LAURA: Just leave
it where it is,
because it looks really-- SAM:
Should I clean up anything on
the sides?
LAURA: I mean, yeah,
fucking clean it up.
ASHLEY: Yeah, just clean it up.
LAURA: It looks really
awesome right now.
MATT: It is actually
looking pretty great.
TALIESIN: I mean, I wouldn't
have you do this,
but have someone come in and
deal with the split ends.
ASHLEY: Get these side bits
above your ear.
MARISHA: Your sideburns aren't--
ASHLEY: Pull your ear down.
MARISHA: -- connected to
anything. SAM: Pull my ear
down?!
MARISHA: Yeah.
ASHLEY: You got to get that--
MARISHA: Yeah, there you go.
LIAM: Jeez.
MARISHA: Down a little bit.
(laughter)
LIAM: This is like
a steam from Brazil.
ASHLEY: That's why
I love it so much.
SAM: Are we good?
TRAVIS: Yep.
SAM: Travis? You got anything?
TRAVIS: No, you're good,
you're good. SAM: Laura?
LIAM: Is there, like--
LAURA: I mean, I like it.
TRAVIS: You look like
a Mad Max character.
MARISHA: Look at this
side a little bit.
You got a little, like a
little right on this side.
Kind of do the same--
ASHLEY: On your one.
MARISHA: On your one.
LIAM: Is there a
secret menu, like
at the coffee shop?
MARISHA: That's it,
that's it, there you go.
TALIESIN: There you
go, there you go.
LIAM: Well, there's
his buttocks.
MATT: Well, I was going to
say, is there a number seven
and a number eight?
LIAM: Yeah, I want
the hidden menu.
SAM: I gave you guys a
chance to be villains
and you were nice.
TRAVIS: No, it's pretty wild,
what's going on over there.
ASHLEY: Hold on, look to
the right. Look at me.
SAM: Okay. ASHLEY: You
got to clean up the--
MARISHA: You've
got a-- your edge.
TRAVIS: Just go straight up.
MARISHA: There we go, there
we go, that's the daddy.
ASHLEY: You had, like,
Giuliani drippy going on.
LIAM: Get the top and the
front, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
LAURA: Yeah, that's good.
SAM: Oh, look at that.
LIAM: Now just shave an L on
your chest, and we're done.
MARISHA: Wait, can I? Do you
want to do for the full Hogan?
SAM: I don't know what that is.
MARISHA: Do a little patch?
MATT: No, put it like
in the sideburns.
ASHLEY: Handlebar. That's
what I was going to do. Yeah.
TALIESIN: Yeah.
SAM: Hey.
That was despicable.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: You look like you
were working on Deadwood.
SAM: Grab a copy of
Despicable Plots right now
at bit.ly/CRDespicable.
And for a chance to
win a copy of the game,
head over to the official
Ravensburger Twitter page--
LAURA: Ew.
SAM: -- which is
@RavensburgerNA.
Matt, back to you.
(hair clippers buzzing)
MATT: (laughs)
TRAVIS: Wow.
TALIESIN: I mean,
it's not a bad look.
LIAM: He looks like
he's headlining
the Metallica reunion concert.
MATT: Yeah, kind
of, kind of. It's--
TALIESIN: It's got a little
bit of the Lenny vibe.
It's got a little
Lenny from Motorhead.
TALIESIN: Yeah.
MATT: Yeah, I dig it.
SAM: Thanks, guys.
MATT: I dig it.
I really, really
like it, actually.
All right. Well, thank
you, Ravensburger.
MARISHA: I also do really
like the little, you know,
your little ducky shield.
TRAVIS: I can't wait to
take our meetings tomorrow.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: But aren't they
so used to Sam just
looking different every Zoom?
MATT: That's true.
SAM: There's always a Snapchat
filter that can fix it.
MATT: All right!
Next sponsor!
Elderwood Academy!
TRAVIS: Elderwood Academy!
MATT: Not shaving
any part of myself,
but I do appreciate you guys
and your brand new campaign
for keyring spellbooks
with tiny bespoke leather
and wood crafts for D&D
lovers, but also a key ring.
If you guys haven't seen,
they do specialized, high-end
customizable gear
for players and GMs,
and everything is designed
for both functionality
and immersive-ness
for your game.
It's amazing stuff.
You can check it out,
for they are offering
a very generous 15% off
everything the store wide.
Bonus, when you check out
using the code "criticalrole21"
all one word, at
So go check out the campaign
and anything else from the shop.
They do amazing work,
enjoy, and stock up.
MARISHA: Is he sticking
to [inaudible].
LAURA: This is the one
time, like, I'm so happy
we're not still sitting
at the same table
because I would've had to
fucking be next to him for that.
MATT: That's true.
MARISHA: You would have gotten
beard clippings on
your character sheet.
ASHLEY: We would just all
be itchy-- LAURA: So gross.
ASHLEY: -- with little bits of
hair. LIAM: Yeah, I would be
crawling out of
my own husk.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Wow.
Look at you, doing manual labor.
SAM: Oh well, you know.
TALIESIN: When this is over,
I will totally shave your head
the proper way.
I will take a
razor to your head.
SAM: What's minimum
wage these days?
Is it like $40, $50
an hour? I don't know.
MATT: God, Sam.
SAM: I don't know
how much people make.
I don't know what money is.
MATT: (groans)
TRAVIS: Trying to get it
up, trying to get it up.
MATT: Just leave.
ASHLEY: "Just leave."
TRAVIS: "Just leave."
(laughter)
MATT: And our friends
at D&D Beyond.
ALL: D&D Beyond!
MATT: Thank you so much
for supporting us since the
beginning of the campaign two,
bring us home as we begin to
climb towards some intensity
in the near future.
If you use Discord,
D&D Beyond has a bot named Avrae
that lets you roll dice,
add your character sheet--
access your character
sheet through it,
and track initiative
right without ev--
and track your initiative
without ever leaving Discord.
There we go.
MARISHA: Nailed it.
MATT: The words, got
it in one. Hell yeah.
I was a little distracted by
our gnomish friend over here.
Check it out at
dndbeyond.link/discord.
That's what it is.
I've made you in
Warcraft before.
(laughter)
Like, I have a gnome
on a server somewhere
that looks just
like you right now.
MARISHA: Say like,
"Whatcha buyin'?"
SAM: (cockney accent)
(laughter)
MARISHA: Yeah! That's good!
MATT: I dig it.
And also thank everyone
for joining us live
on Twitch and
YouTube every week.
To join our live and
moderated chat community,
please head over to
our Twitch channel
which is the official
hub of Critical Role.
And Liam and Laura, you have
an announcement to make.
LIAM: Oh my gosh, oh my gosh!
Laura and I and everybody
at Critical Role
are so excited to announce
our first official
Critical Role novel.
(applause and cheering)
And to reveal its
cover, KITH & KIN,
written by #1 New York
times bestselling author,
Marieke Nijkamp.
Tell us all about it.
LAURA: I'm going to tell
you this original story
will follow a brand new tale
featuring the cunning ranger,
Vex'ahlia.
LIAM: I know her!
LAURA: And the cunning
rogue, Vax'ildan.
LIAM: That's me!
LAURA: And of course, Trinket.
Years before we
meet Vox Machina.
After the-- oh gosh.
"After leaving the
unwelcoming refuge of Syngorn,
"the twins become entangled
in a web spun by the Clasp.
"And for the first time,
Vex and Vax find themselves
"on opposite sides of a
conflict that threatens
"the home they've carried
with each other for years."
LIAM: I mean, there's
things to read.
It doesn't make sense,
it doesn't make sense.
The cover is going to be
illustrated by longtime artist,
friend of the show, Nikki Dawes,
@nikkidawesdraws.
She's amazing,
amazing paintings.
KITH & KIN will release
on October 26th, 2021.
LAURA: That's this year!
LIAM and SAM: This year?
LIAM: Do we still do years?
TRAVIS: I think so.
ASHLEY: What is time?
LIAM: You can pre-order
your copy right now
wherever books are sold.
For full details and
for more information,
head to criticalrolebooks.com.
SAM: We have that URL?
We're very forward thinking.
MARISHA: A new slash?
LIAM: Yeah.
SAM: Wow. Cool.
MARISHA: You guys, cool.
LIAM: Unbelievable,
unbelievable, fantasy novel,
twins, man.
TRAVIS: I'm proud of you
guys! That's so exciting!
MARISHA: Because you talked
about this for so long
and being the Dragonlance
people and the two of you
and like the reading the
books and it's the best.
LIAM: It's all connected.
MARISHA: It's all connected.
MATT: I love it.
ASHLEY: I just I want
us to have a bookstore
and then I will
work at a bookstore
and wear an apron
and give people
recommendations. LAURA: And
we need to have a bakery
in the bookstore.
ASHLEY: And we need to have
bakery in the bookstore,
obviously. SAM: It's just the
one book, though.
TRAVIS: Coffee, tea, and
cookies. ASHLEY: I'm just only
going to
suggest KITH & KIN.
TRAVIS: Cupcakes.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: This actually
is a really great read.
SAM: It's on the
Staff Reads shelf.
ASHLEY: Staff Reads.
It's only KITH & KIN.
MARISHA: It's the only book
we sell, just displays.
LIAM: "What about DIY
crafting projects?"
"Well, KITH & KIN."
ASHLEY: Well, actually
that's a great scene.
MATT: Awesome.
Well, I look forward to
that book and mortar,
but until then, let's go ahead
and jump into tonight's
episode of Critical Role.
(grunting and growling)
(water bubbling)
(thunder rumbling)
(explosion)
♪ Role ♪
♪ Critical Role ♪
♪ Mighty Nein ♪
♪ Roll the dice ♪
♪ The adventure begins ♪
♪ They were always beside you ♪
♪ Your nerdy best friends ♪
♪ And the DM to guide you ♪
♪ And they rise from the
flames for the battles ahead ♪
♪ Villains beware 'cause
you're about to be dead ♪
♪ They got magic and flair ♪
♪ They got falchions
and cunning ♪
♪ They don't see over there ♪
♪ There's a monster incoming ♪
♪ Inspiration is waiting ♪
♪ Rise up, don't think twice ♪
♪ Put your fate in your hands ♪
♪ Take a chance, roll the dice ♪
♪ Roll the dice ♪
♪ Critical Role
(roll the dice) ♪
♪ Can you answer the call ♪
♪ Diggin' deep in your soul ♪
♪ As the legend unfolds ♪
♪ Now it's your turn
(your turn, your turn) ♪
♪ To roll ♪
(flames whooshing)
MATT: And welcome back.
So last we left
off: Vox Machina,
having to tie some loose ends
before making their
return trek to Eiselcross,
decided to take a turn
towards the Grove,
that was once the home
and abode of Caduceus,
to go and check up
on the Clay clan.
At that space, you
got to see some folks.
You got to check up a
bit on these visions
that were being had.
Some of you had some
conversations, had some
realizations,
and some shared anxiety
with the adventures to come.
Towards the end of this
evening's final rest,
a storm crashing in the
distance, the darkened clouds
and lightless night, the
heavy rain falling all around.
Yasha went out
to think on the Storm Lord
and the connection
they've been steadily
dancing around since
her escape from Xhorhas.
In the fits of this vision,
this blasted wasteland
of broken weapons, in isolation,
the brewing storm slowly
coming towards you,
as flashes of lightning
grows stronger and louder.
You run into this storm.
With the final voice of
the Storm Lord saying,
"Show me."
(thunder rumbling)
At which point,
I'm going to pull
out a battle map.
(exclaiming)
ASHLEY: What?!
TRAVIS: I fucking told you!
SAM: This combat--
Did you think I was lying?
ASHLEY: Well, part of what you
were saying. SAM: -- was brought
to you by Dwarven Forge.
LIAM: He's going to bring out a
two-foot tall statue for you to
fight.
SAM: Their exclusive build of
the month for March is available
now.
Each build includes a custom
encounter, bonus gift card,
and of course, Dwarven
Forge's hand sculpted
and hand painted terrain.
Delve into the sea
cave of secrets at
http://bit.ly/DwarvenForgeCR.
ASHLEY: Oh my god.
SAM: Or whatever it
is, there'll be a URL.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LIAM: Let's fucking
do this, Johnson.
MATT: Now, as you hear
the words ringing still,
"Show me."
(thunder rumbling)
You see from the clouds above--
ASHLEY: There's thunder!
MATT: Yeah. Bits of lightning
crackle and descend,
elements of heavy wisps
and fog began to gather
as you see elementals begin
to curl down from above.
You see three creatures made
of sparking electricity,
themselves like long
serpents snaking their way
down from above.
SAM: ♪ Snaking their way ♪
ASHLEY: ♪ Making my way ♪
MATT: As these dangerous,
burly, storm-like cloud entities
begin to race down towards you,
massive, angry,
hammer-like fists
of condensed anger
racing in your direction.
I would like the rest of you--
SAM: What?
MATT: -- to look under your
dice trays for a sheet.
SAM: Is that what that was?
ALL: What?!
LAURA: What did you do,
Matthew?! SAM: Is that what that
was?
Wait, we get to
jaeger these things?
MATT: You guys--
ASHLEY: I'm going to
fight all of of them?
MATT: Your job is to fight
the fuck out of Yasha.
(cheering)
ASHLEY: Oh my god!
MARISHA: It's like Christmas.
LIAM: Kill her!
MATT: Marisha,
what have you got?
MARISHA: I got a storm
spirit, a large elemental.
MATT: This'll be you.
MARISHA: That's me.
LAURA: Oh my gosh.
MATT: Taliesin?
TALIESIN: I am a
lightning spirit,
large elemental.
MATT: That is you. LAURA:
"I am a lightning spirit."
SAM: I'm also a storm
spirit, unaligned elemental.
ASHLEY: Oh my god.
SAM: What can they do?
LIAM: I'm lightning.
MATT: There you go.
LAURA: I am storm.
TALIESIN: I'm going to use some
mean dice for this. MATT: There
you go.
TRAVIS: And I am
Kord, the Storm Lord.
No, no, no,
I'm a lighting spirit.
(laughter)
MATT: That'll be you there.
ASHLEY: "I'm, ah, Kord?"
LIAM: It's just Travis
standing on the map.
MATT: Yeah, and just
kicking the shit off of it.
TRAVIS: Grog's like,
"Let's go." (laughs)
MATT: All righty, I would like
you all to roll initiative.
(exclaiming)
MATT: All of you independently.
TRAVIS: Wow, wow.
LAURA: I'm only going to
do blue dice for this.
MARISHA: Oh, that's
bad initiative.
LIAM: Well, lightning
would be fast.
TALIESIN: It's plus
what for initiative?
MATT: Dexterity is what
would be, dexterity modifier.
SAM: Without revealing
anything to Ashley,
these guys are no joke.
TRAVIS: No, they're not.
TALIESIN: No.
SAM: (laughs)
TRAVIS: No, they're not.
MARISHA: Yeah.
ASHLEY: That's
okay, that's okay.
MATT: You stand there amidst a
crowd-- SAM: We're not talking
will-o'-wisps here.
MATT: -- of broken
blades of different sizes
on the ground around you.
No weapon in your hands.
25 to 20, anybody?
SAM: What do we add? Dex?
LAURA: Oh, shit!
ASHLEY: My first roll
of the night was a one.
SAM: Matt, for initiative, do we
add dex? ASHLEY: Thankfully, I
have advantage on initiative.
MATT: Yeah, your dex modifier,
yes. SAM: Okay, cool.
MATT: 20 to 15?
TALIESIN: 19.
MATT: All righty.
15 to 10?
SAM: 10.
ASHLEY: 10.
LAURA: 12.
MATT: 12, all right.
TRAVIS: Sam--
MARISHA: Then Laura.
MATT: Right, because you do
get to have advantage on this
from your thing, yeah. Good
ASHLEY: But I rolled
a seven, so, you know.
It takes me to 10.
MARISHA: Ooh.
MATT: All right.
SAM: Ooh, boy.
MATT: 10 to five?
SAM: And you've got no weapons?
MATT: Five to one?
MARISHA: Four.
TRAVIS: Natural one.
MATT: (laughs) All right.
ASHLEY: Not my weapons, no.
LIAM: Bamf your wings out,
going to make some
fried chicken.
MATT: Liam, you're up
first, right there.
LIAM: Okay, well,
I will just close
maybe 10 feet closer.
Yeah, right there, and I'm
just going to kick us off.
Arc Strike, reach
30 feet. (crackling)
MATT: Go ahead and
roll to attack.
LIAM: Here it comes.
Natural 20!
MARISHA: Oh!
TRAVIS: Wow!
(laughter)
SAM: We're going to kill Ashley.
TRAVIS: Well, yeah,
I fucking told you.
LAURA: Oh no!
LIAM: It's the snitch reborn.
MARISHA: That's amazing.
LIAM: Okay, so that is--
TRAVIS: But I lie.
LIAM: -- 3d6, so here it comes.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LIAM: Plus six, 12. 24.
That is 24 points
of lightning damage.
TALIESIN: Oh wow.
LAURA: 24 points!
Oh, no.
TRAVIS: Rage doesn't do shit
against lightning damage.
MATT: Wait, 3d6?
ASHLEY: Does it not?
LIAM: 3d6, it's
what it says here.
3d6 lightning damage.
SAM: Bludgeoning, piercing.
MATT: Right, 3d6 couldn't
even add up to 24.
LIAM: It was a crit.
MATT: Oh that's right,
it was a crit, I'm sorry.
LIAM: It's okay.
MATT: My brain. You're right.
LIAM: It's a lot of numbers.
MATT: 24 points of lightning
damage.
LIAM: A lot of
rolls and numbers.
MATT: You're right. Sorry,
I was caught in my own math
for a second there.
ASHLEY: Oofy, okay.
MATT: All right. As an arc
shoots out (explosion)
and you feel the strike hit you
and your body rocks
with electricity.
The pain hits you, all your
muscles tense for a second.
You almost crumple to one knee,
breathing heavy, and
you see this serpent
of electricity arcing
through the air.
That finish your turn, Liam?
LIAM: Yep.
MATT: Taliesin.
TALIESIN: How far
away am I from--?
MATT: You are right there.
You're about 25, 30 feet away.
TALIESIN: 25 feet? I'm not
even going to bother moving.
I'm just going to charge
up another Arc Strike,
and I'm going to attack
with an Arc Strike.
MATT: Go ahead and
roll for an attack.
TALIESIN: All right.
(whistles) That's a 22 to hit?
ASHLEY: That hits.
TALIESIN: It's not--
at least it's not a--
Nine points of lightning damage.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: As soon as you're
reeling from the one hit,
a second one hits
you in the shoulder.
It doesn't hurt quite much,
but you're now realizing
just how surrounded you are.
That finish you turn, Taliesin?
TALIESIN: Yep,
that's everything.
MATT: Laura, you're up.
LAURA: Oh god.
I'm going to--
TRAVIS: Enter!
LAURA: (laughs)
I'm going to move
15 feet towards her.
At least 15 feet
in a straight line.
I'm going to move
straight up to her,
MATT: You can get straight
there to her. LAURA: And I'm
going to slam attack her.
So I'm going to turn this
into a Battering Ram.
Did I move 15 feet
before I hit her?
MATT: Yes, you did, you
moved about 25 feet.
LAURA: So yeah, this is
a Battering Ram attack.
So I'm going to try to hit
you with a slam attack.
MATT: All right.
SAM: Battering ram!
LAURA: 22?
ASHLEY: That hits.
LAURA: Okay. Oh no.
(laughter)
LAURA: So that's 2d8 bludgeoning
damage plus an additional
3d6 bludgeoning damage.
ASHLEY: Holy smokes!
SAM: Read those stats!
I think you get more.
LAURA: Do I really? Plus five.
Wait, "if you hit
with a slam attack--"
Oh, and you're pushed
10 feet away from me.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LAURA: Okay.
LAURA: So 2d8.
(giggles) Oh no.
MATT: Yeah, you probably wanted
initiative on this round.
ASHLEY: Would have
been real helpful.
LAURA: So that's 10 plus--
ASHLEY: I seem to roll real low
on initiative.
LAURA: That's okay, I rolled low
on my things.
10 plus-- so that's 16
points of bludgeoning damage.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LAURA: And you're pushed
10 feet away from me.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: Skidding across
the dirt and the ground,
but catching yourself as
you stand there in pain.
LAURA: And I just stand
there and go (whooshing).
MATT: So Yasha, at
the top of your turn,
as you're looking
around, you hear
(crashing, explosion)
an extreme impact hits the
ground in front of you.
Your eyes go blind from
the flash of light,
the ringing hits your ears.
As you stand there, slowly
taking in the space around you,
you see on the ground,
this small crater,
and in the center of it, a
blade that looks suspiciously
like the one that you
borrowed from Lady Kima,
(electricity crackling)
energy sparking around it.
What do you do?
ASHLEY: It's in front of me?
MATT: Yeah.
LAURA: Uh oh.
ASHLEY: I wonder if I'm
going to be able to use it.
Okay, hold on,
first things first,
I'm going to fucking rage.
MATT: Damn right you are!
TRAVIS: Go!
ASHLEY: Jeez, okay, okay.
Okay, so I'm going to rage
and I'm going to reach out
and I'm going to try to grab it.
MATT: As you pull it out,
it comes out smoothly
and as it does the
energy arcs off of it.
And this warm, vibrant
light just emanates
from you out to about five feet.
You become this lantern
beacon of holiness,
holding it in your hand.
"Show me." (thunder rumbling)
ASHLEY: Okay, let me see
if I can do this as well.
SAM: ♪ I'm a battering ram ♪
ASHLEY: Okay, would that
be considered an action,
me grabbing the--?
MATT: No.
ASHLEY: Okay, great.
Okay, so what I'm
going to do here.
All right, I'm going to go
to stormy Laura, over here.
LAURA: Oh no!
ASHLEY: She's
still moving around
and I'm going to
take my first slice.
MATT: Go for it.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: Normal
strikes or reckless?
ASHLEY: Reckless.
TRAVIS: That's what
I'm talking about!
ASHLEY: I don't want to use
that one, I'm going to use--
Ooh! 18.
LAURA: Oh, that hits me.
That's my armor class.
ASHLEY: Okay, so 18 plus--
LAURA: Does that means it hits
me?
That hits me.
ASHLEY: Do I know if I'm
able to use these stats yet
for the Holy Avenger?
MATT: For this, you can.
ASHLEY: Okay, so that would be--
plus nine, plus 18-- 27.
MATT: It's a hit.
ASHLEY: Okay.
So can we get these guys here?
LIAM: ♪ What would
Nydoorin do? ♪
LAURA: (laughs)
ASHLEY: Let's use
this one. Okay, 3d6.
LAURA: Oh, Storm Lord.
ASHLEY: Ooh! Okay.
Oh jeez, my math, my math, okay.
TRAVIS: These
elementals are crazy.
ASHLEY: 30 points of damage.
MATT: 30 points of damage
on that first strike.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: The blade
carves through the air
with this high whining sound.
As it hits the
elemental, you watch
the blade barely meets
resistance as it carves through.
Part of it just apparates.
So now it's a
lopsided elemental.
You see its arm begin
to reform in its space,
but it looks like
it's taken a hit.
LAURA: Ow.
MATT: That was your first
attack. MARISHA: (giggles)
He's got a little flipper now.
ASHLEY: I flip it
around and then
go to the other side.
LAURA: I'm spinning
in a circle now instead of--
ASHLEY: Reckless.
MARISHA: (laughs)
ASHLEY: Oof.
Ugh. Okay.
21?
LAURA: That still hits.
ASHLEY: (exhales) Okay.
These are the
tiniest little dice.
MATT: Now Yasha
knows how I feel.
"21? Oh, that still
hits, okay, okay."
TRAVIS: (laughs)
MATT: "I just wanted
to double check."
The little joys.
LAURA: Such a dick. (laughs)
ASHLEY: 20.
LAURA: 20 points?
ASHLEY: 20 points.
LAURA: All right.
TRAVIS: You're still up?
LAURA: I'm still up.
ASHLEY: You're still
up? Okay, and then--
LAURA: I'm just a
little teeny storm now.
TALIESIN: A little dust devil?
LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: So you bonus
action, action attacks.
ASHLEY: Bonus action--
MATT: You've already done
bonus action to rage, yeah.
ASHLEY: Oh, oh, yeah,
what am I thinking?
Yes, yes, yes, I'm
done, I'm done.
MATT: Okay, following
Yasha, we have Sam.
Marisha, you're on deck.
SAM: What's my backstory?
TRAVIS: (laughs)
SAM: How did I become
a storm? Was I--?
MATT: You became a storm
roughly 10 seconds ago.
SAM: Okay.
MATT: By the will of the
Storm Lord, you now exist
and are filled with an
anger you don't understand
against a creature
you've never met.
All you know is
you must destroy.
SAM: Okay, okay,
thank you for that.
MATT: No worries. SAM: Now
I'm prepared to make my move.
I will fly towards her,
and if I can, hover above.
MATT: Mm-hmm. You can do that.
MARISHA: I was very
destructive, then I realized--
SAM: And I'm going to go
ahead-- sorry, Yasha--
I'm going to unleash--
ASHLEY: Don't apologize.
SAM: I'm going to
unleash the Maelstrom.
MARISHA: Oh! Do it!
ASHLEY: Unleash the Maelstrom.
SAM: You must make a DC
20 strength saving throw.
ASHLEY: I have to make
a strength saving throw?
SAM: Yes.
ASHLEY: Okay.
SAM: Oh, shit.
ASHLEY: Against you?
SAM: Against the Maelstrom.
LAURA: Against the Maelstrom.
SAM: It's a strength
saving throw.
MATT: Which you are
raging, which I believe
you get advantage on that?
SAM: Yeah.
ASHLEY: Yes, so--
SAM: Better roll good.
ASHLEY: It's cocked.
Okay, 23?
SAM: Ooh, you beat it.
ASHLEY: (growls)
TRAVIS: Yeah!
ASHLEY: I point
at the Storm Lord.
(laughter)
SAM: So now you only take 3d6--
or it's 6d6 bludgeoning
damage halved, right?
MATT: Correct.
SAM: I happen to
have 6d6 right here.
Okay. Ooh, that's
really good roll.
Ooh, that's 30
halved, so that's 15.
TALIESIN: Which is also halved.
MATT: But it's bludgeoning
and you are raging
so it's halved again.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT and SAM: So seven.
LAURA: Dang.
SAM: Damn. That's right,
you're not knocked prone,
you're not pulled towards
me, and that's it, that's it.
You survived the Maelstrom.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: I point again
at the Storm Lord.
SAM: Oh, if I can,
as a bonus action,
I'm just going to swirl around.
MATT: Okay, yeah, yeah,
totally, I'll allow it.
TRAVIS: Do it, do it,
yes, make it your own.
SAM: I'm going to angrily swirl.
TRAVIS: Make it your own.
ASHLEY: This is
really good work.
TRAVIS: Embody that character.
ASHLEY: Really good, like cold
reading.
(laughter)
MATT: Awesome, well
done. Marisha, you're up.
Travis, you're on deck.
MARISHA: I am.
I don't think I am within
30 feet of her. Am I?
Can I get up to her?
MATT: You
can just get up to
her, if you beeline it.
MARISHA: I'm going
to beeline it.
ASHLEY: Baby!
LAURA: Work it!
SAM: Ooh man, you've got a
bunch of storms around you.
MARISHA: Would that be
considered a straight line
to where I can
also Battering Ram?
MATT: You can, yeah.
SAM: ♪ I'm a battering ram ♪
MARISHA: I'm a battering ram.
I'm so sorry, I feel so guilty.
I'mma slam into her!
MATT: Do it, roll
another attack.
Is there a plus
nines? Is that what--
Oh, I rolled a natural one.
TRAVIS: (laughs)
MATT: All right.
TALIESIN: Good friend.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Girlfriend Storm
is like, "(sadly) But--!"
ASHLEY: I'm attracted to
this one, I don't understand.
MATT: It's the weirdest feeling.
LIAM: I'm not feeling
your commitment in this.
MARISHA: (half-hearted swiping)
MATT: You're new to being a
storm, it's a little confusing.
MARISHA: I was just born.
MATT: You do have a
second strike, I believe.
MARISHA: Um...
MATT: Make two slam
attacks in one round.
MARISHA: Okay, yes.
LAURA: I didn't do that.
MARISHA: You're right, I
thought the battering ram--
SAM: Know your character,
Laura, come on.
Know your spells.
MARISHA: Jeez, read your spells.
That is a natural 19 for a 28.
ASHLEY: That hits.
LAURA: Mine is a 26.
SAM: Ooh.
ASHLEY: That hits.
MATT: All right, so roll damage.
ASHLEY: They both hit.
They both hit.
MARISHA: Okay, that's 11
points of bludgeoning damage.
LAURA: Mine is-- MATT: Halved
from her, so you take five.
ASHLEY: Okay. LAURA: Nine
points of bludgeoning damage.
MATT: Which is not halved
because you raged after her.
ASHLEY: True, so nine points.
MATT: You got it.
SAM: How you doing,
how you doing?
LAURA: Oh no.
ASHLEY: Standing, but.
LAURA: Oh no. ASHLEY: I'm
okay, I'm okay, I'm okay.
I was already pretty low.
TRAVIS: Yeah, we hadn't taken a
rest yet.
ASHLEY: We didn't
rest, or I didn't.
MATT: Okay, so I should
preface this with the fact
that you would have
been at full hit points
for this experience, so.
TRAVIS: Do you know
where you started
this encounter with hit points?
ASHLEY: Yes, I was at...
138,
and I am usually at 154, so.
SAM: So whatever you have now--
TRAVIS: Hurts the wizard's
heart.
SAM: Whatever you have
now, add 16 to it.
TRAVIS: It just seems
like a distant dream.
ASHLEY: Yeah, I'll just
heal for 16 points.
MATT: Add 16 to that.
You got it, all right, that
finishes Marisha's turn.
Travis, you're up.
TRAVIS: I will move
forward one square.
SAM: That's the voice you're
going to use for this character?
TRAVIS: (high scratchy
voice) I will move forward--
(laughter)
TRAVIS: --one squ--
[inaudible noises]
So that I'm within 30
feet and I will unleash,
I didn't make this name up,
Ball Lightning.
SAM: Yeah.
LAURA: Ball lightning.
TRAVIS: I need you to make a--
SAM: Stinkiest
kind of lightning.
TRAVIS: -- dexterity
saving throw.
ASHLEY: I make a
dexterity saving throw?
TRAVIS: Yes.
ASHLEY: Okay.
I have advantage on dex.
Okay.
18?
TRAVIS: That's exactly
what you needed to make.
SAM: (scratchy voice) That's
exactly what you needed to make.
ASHLEY: (scratchy voice)
That's what you need.
TRAVIS: So you take 11
points of lightning damage.
TALIESIN: Actually, I don't--
I don't think that it--
No, there's no--
I think it's a safe save.
TRAVIS: A safe save?
TALIESIN: Target creature was--
on a failure they take
2d8 lightning damage.
There's nothing
about if they save.
LAURA: Oh.
TRAVIS: On a failure--
SAM: Oh, that means
that on a success,
they just don't take--
MATT: Half damage. TRAVIS: It
says they take half damage.
TALIESIN: Where?
TRAVIS: Yep, last line.
TALIESIN: Oh, okay,
I don't-- all right.
MATT: Might've been
an older version.
TALIESIN: I was about to say,
that's not on mine, but okay.
TRAVIS: And it says,
I-- but that's--
she saved, that's it.
ASHLEY: 11 damage.
TRAVIS: Yep.
LAURA: You're the older
version of a lightning--
TALIESIN: (old man voice) That's
not how they did it in my day.
TRAVIS: You know what?
I rolled the wrong
fucking-- wait, a d-- what?
ASHLEY: d8's, did
you roll sixes?
TRAVIS: I rolled d6's,
yes, scratch that.
So put 11 hit points
back in there and instead
you're only taking--
MATT: Give that to Taliesin.
There you go, it's fine,
it's fine. SAM: (laughs)
TRAVIS: Eight points of damage.
ASHLEY: Even better, okay.
MATT: Slip it across the floor.
TRAVIS: I never
roll d4s, that's it.
MATT: All righty,
finishes Travis' turn.
Liam, you are up,
with Taliesin on deck.
LIAM: (sighs)
MARISHA: Oh, it looped
around, it looped around.
LIAM: I will back away ten feet,
and I will also drop
a ball of lightning.
MATT: Now if I recall
the Ball Lightning
actually teleported you to her?
TRAVIS: Only on a success. MATT:
Only on a success, you're right.
All right, so you're
doing it as well?
LIAM: So I'm backing
away 10 feet,
but also dropping a
ball, that's another
DC 18 dex save for you.
MATT: Go for it, Yasha.
LIAM: Yasha.
SAM: And is that,
just so I'm clear,
is that just against her--?
MATT: Just against her.
SAM: Does it hurt
us too or anything?
TRAVIS: Just her.
ASHLEY: 23.
LIAM: 23 saves.
On a failure, they take...
4d6 lightning damage.
Okay.
MATT: All righty,
so you stay put.
LIAM: 17, so on a failure, they
take this lightning damage.
That is 17 points
of lightning damage.
MATT: You succeeded, right?
ASHLEY: Mm-hmm.
MATT: So half that.
ASHLEY: But it's lightning?
MATT and TRAVIS: Yes.
ASHLEY: So, but it--?
TRAVIS: It's just the spell.
ASHLEY: It's just a
spell, okay, I got it.
MATT: All right, that
finish your turn?
LIAM: That does finish my turn.
MATT: You got it, all right.
That brings us to Taliesin.
Laura, you're on deck.
TALIESIN: Let's see where I am.
Not going to do that.
I'm going to go for a...
also a ball lightning attack.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: We can do this, you guys.
MATT: Make another
dex save, Yasha.
TALIESIN: That's a dex save.
TRAVIS: (Enya "Orinoco Flow"
melody) ♪ Make it rain, make it
rain, make it rain ♪
LAURA: Hey, one of
you lightning bitches
fly up here, we need lightning.
MARISHA: I know, we get boofs.
LAURA: I know, we need
lightning up by us.
Move up close. TRAVIS: Well,
if you would communicate
with your teammates earlier,
perhaps-- ASHLEY: 14?
SAM: (hissing)
TRAVIS: ♪ (high-pitched note) ♪
TALIESIN: That's the dex save?
ASHLEY: That's my dex save. SAM:
(scratchy voice) Come, come
closer to us.
TALIESIN: All right,
I'm going to take-- oh.
MARISHA: Campaign three
character, right there.
TRAVIS: Oh god.
SAM: Just a bunch of clouds.
TRAVIS: There's blood
coming out of your mouth.
LIAM: This is Jeremy.
SAM: (scratchy voice) Hi,
I want to go the brothel.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Is there an--
Okay, so I'm going to teleport
to the unoccupied space.
MATT: Yep.
TALIESIN: Oh no.
MARISHA: (laughs)
LAURA: Oh, you teleported in?
TALIESIN: Yeah.
LIAM: Failed save?
ASHLEY: I failed.
MARISHA: Lightning can--
TALIESIN: That's 20 points
of lightning damage.
LAURA: (gasps)
TALIESIN: I'm so sorry.
TRAVIS: No, it's
good when it hits.
ASHLEY: It's good.
TRAVIS: Ball Lightning is good.
ASHLEY: Oh.
TRAVIS: And his next attack
is going to be nasty.
ASHLEY: Okay. MATT: All righty,
finishing Taliesin's turn,
Laura, you're up and
then it's you, Yasha.
LAURA: Okay, since I've
got a lightning spirit
right next to me, I'm going
to slam attack it twice.
MATT: Go for it, you
do have advantage
on these attacks since
her last use was reckless.
LAURA: Okay, so that
is 20 on the first one.
ASHLEY: That hits.
LAURA: And--
Oh, that is a big hit.
Yeah, that definitely
hits on the second.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LAURA: 16 plus nine.
So 2d8.
10 points on the first hit.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: Reduced to five.
LAURA: Eight points
reduced to-- oh no, nope,
that's a lie, eight
plus five is 13,
so six points for the second.
MATT: Okay, now
you are next to--
you're adding the
extra lightning damage
for being next to him?
Lightning damage
is not halved so--
SAM: Oh boy!
Oh boy!
MATT: What'd you roll
for both of those?
LAURA: Two on the second, so
add an extra point of damage.
ASHLEY: Extra point, okay.
LAURA: One extra point, and one
extra point on the other one
because I can't
remember what it is.
MATT: Make it two extra points.
ASHLEY: Two extra points, okay.
MATT: Just to
balance it out because we
don't know what that was.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: All right,
Yasha, you're up.
ASHLEY: Ooh, I am
looking a little rough.
Okay.
LAURA: Is she bloodied,
are you bloodied?
ASHLEY: I'm bloodied.
Okay.
MATT: You are surrounded
by roaring storms.
You hear crackling
lightning and angry,
shouting thunder,
and you are just
holding this blade as the
darkness rolls around you.
What do you do?
ASHLEY: Okay, so I
need to get out of here
even though they're going
to get an opportunity, so...
Wings are coming out.
TRAVIS: (shouting)
Yes, here it comes!
ASHLEY: Ready to go,
and I'm going to try
to just pull myself
up out of their reach.
MATT: Okay.
ASHLEY: As much as I can,
but still I know that--
I know it's going to be
an attack of opportunity.
MATT: So.
LAURA: That's four attack of
opportunity. MARISHA: Yeah, four
attacks of opportunities.
MATT: Three, technically,
because the lightning doesn't
get one.
ASHLEY: Okay.
MATT: Do know, as
your wings pop out,
this does not take your
action, and this dreamscape
as soon as you will it
to happen, they tear out,
the bright white wings now,
the wingspan widely
out, the feathers
being caught up in
the storms around you
as the blade still matches you,
the light now glowing from
it and you and the wings.
So you still have
action and a move.
So did you want to fly up?
ASHLEY: Okay, so yes.
(frustrated grunt)
LAURA: (gravelly voice) Show us!
ASHLEY: Okay.
Yeah, so I'm going to try
to just get above them--
can they-- can they fly?
SAM: I'm flying
above you right now.
ASHLEY: You're flying above me.
MATT: Yes.
ASHLEY: Oh, so they
can fly as well.
Well, okay, fuck, okay.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: ♪ Don't let it
stop you go for it ♪
ASHLEY: That's fine,
I'm just going to fly,
I'm just going to get up,
so I know they're going
to have to take their--
MATT: If you're
going straight up
then three of them will
get attacks of opportunity.
ASHLEY: Okay, can I wiggle?
Can I kind of like--?
TRAVIS: Wiggle and quiff?
(laughter)
ASHLEY: Wiggle and quiff?
So there's four-- four
surrounding me or three?
MATT: Correct, there are
four surrounding you,
there are three storm spirits
and one lightning spirit.
ASHLEY: So can I
wiggle out towards...
like fly backwards?
MATT: Like this way?
ASHLEY: The-- that way?
Like where I'm getting
away from the--
MATT: Oh, this way?
ASHLEY: Yeah, yeah yeah Yeah.
MATT: You can, you
will fly up and over
and you will get attacks of
opportunity from these three.
SAM: Choke me out!
ASHLEY: I'm going to get
an attack of opportunity
from all of them anyway, right?
MATT: Well, if you're
moving, it's some of them.
TRAVIS: Or you can stay
and swing away.
MATT: It's your call.
ASHLEY: I'm going to
stay and swing away.
I'm going to stay and swing away
because those three
attacks of opportunity
could take me out.
Okay.
TRAVIS: Fair.
ASHLEY: All right, so swipe--
MARISHA: Left.
ASHLEY: Swipe left.
(laughter)
I'm going to swipe left.
MATT: All right,
so to which one?
The same one you've
attacked previously?
ASHLEY: Sure.
TRAVIS: Yes.
MATT: That'd be Laura.
LAURA: Hit me!
ASHLEY: Okay, okay, okay.
MATT: Reckless or not?
ASHLEY: Reckless.
MATT: All right, go for it.
ASHLEY: Ooh, that was a one.
So thank goodness I'm reckless.
Ugh, that's not much better.
Or wait, 17?
LAURA: (whispering)
It doesn't hit.
MATT: First swing
goes wide, no impact.
LAURA: It's because I'm
smaller than I used to be.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: Okay, attack again.
Second attack.
Okay, that's better.
Okay, so 23?
LAURA: That hits.
ASHLEY: Okay, so--
come here, you guys.
I'm going to do Savage Attacker
because that was kind of low.
Make sure I keep the--
That's better.
Okay, so-- oh my god, math.
Okay, so 31 points of damage.
LAURA: Okay, I'm--
MATT: Are you adding
the additional
damage for having your wings
out? LAURA: It doesn't matter
because I'm already down.
ASHLEY: No, so that's
an additional 14.
MATT: An additional 14
points of radiant damage
on top of that.
LAURA: Well, I'm a big zero.
ASHLEY: Oh, you're out?
LAURA: But when I hit
zero, I do my action move,
Exploding Thunder!
TRAVIS: Oh, you too? Oh shit.
LAURA: I explode into
a thing of lightning
and all of you fuckers around me
take 6d6 bludgeoning damage.
TRAVIS: 66!?
LAURA: 6d6.
TRAVIS: Woo!
MARISHA: Windy, no!
SAM: (laughs)
MATT: That's all
of you right there.
LAURA: So hold on, oh!
(laughter)
This is like the
best I've ever--
ASHLEY: Did you roll all sixes?
LAURA: Four sixes, so.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Oh my god!
LAURA: Plus another six, so
that's-- five times six is 30--
No, five times six is 30?
MATT: 30.
SAM: But we get to
make a dexterity save?
LAURA: You have to
make a dexterity save.
MARISHA: Oh.
TRAVIS: Including Yasha.
LAURA: Including Yasha.
MARISHA: I failed.
SAM: I failed as well.
TALIESIN: What's the save?
LAURA: 18.
TALIESIN: I failed.
ASHLEY: I failed.
LAURA: Everybody takes 30.
MATT: Everybody except
for Travis and Liam.
LAURA: But you're raging.
SAM: It's bludgeoning
damage, so it's halved.
ASHLEY: So 15. MATT: And
you failed as well, right?
ASHLEY: I did.
MATT: Yeah, so you take
15 points of bludgeoning damage.
ASHLEY: Okay.
TALIESIN: 30 points of damage?
LAURA: 30 points of damage and
you're knocked prone, everybody.
SAM: I'm flying,
what does that mean?
LAURA: That means
you're on the ground.
SAM: Ah!
ASHLEY: Ah!
LAURA: I went out with a
bang, guys. It felt good.
MATT: (explosion) Explosion
knocks you, Yasha,
onto your ass, the
wings still out,
catch you during your fall
but you impact the ground,
your eyes are spinning,
the pain is throbbing
throughout your body.
So that finishes your turn
or you still have movement.
So you can use half your
movement to get up if you want
to.
ASHLEY: Yes, I will
absolutely do that.
SAM: We're prone, so
we probably can't do
an opportunity attack.
MATT: You're prone, too, right?
TALIESIN: Yeah, yeah. MATT:
Yeah, so, so you can still,
none of them get
attacks of opportunity
because they're all prone.
ASHLEY: Oh my god, amazing,
okay, thank you.
MATT: So that's half
your movement gone.
ASHLEY: So, my other half
of the movement, then,
I'm going to extricate
myself out of that area
for just a moment.
MATT: Okay, where abouts?
ASHLEY: Let me--
SAM: For some reason I'm
a little itchy, guys.
LAURA: Do you have
something to change into?
SAM: No.
No.
MATT: I have so much caffeine
in my system right now,
let's go!
ASHLEY: I know, I know, I know.
I still want to be able to
attack them with the sword.
So let me just, out of
striking range, maybe
just backing up a little bit,
or anywhere that's
out of striking--
I can't really see where I'm at.
MATT: You're right there.
ASHLEY: Okay, there
we go, yeah, so let me
go that way a little
bit then, I think.
MATT: How much movement
do you have left?
At half speed?
ASHLEY: Half speed
would be 25 feet.
MATT: All right, so
you can fly about here.
TRAVIS: No. No.
ASHLEY: Great, let
me hang out there.
MATT: Okay, so you will
be flying right up here.
(wing beats) You watch as she
just darts out of the explosion,
and is up in the air,
holding the blade two-handed,
wings in the air as up above
her, lightning is striking
in the dark clouds, flashing
and silhouetting her
from moment to moment.
SAM: So cool.
MATT: That finishes your turn.
SAM: How far away is she from us
now?
ASHLEY: Finishes my turn.
MATT: Sam, you're up.
SAM: How far away is she?
MATT: From you?
SAM: Yeah.
MATT: You are right there,
no, sorry, you are
right there, correct?
SAM: Yeah.
MATT: So she's about 30
feet from you, 25-30 feet.
SAM: Please don't
address me as Sam.
My name is Tempest Cloudburst.
MATT: Sorry, Tempest Cloudburst,
I'll make a note of that.
SAM: (awful Italian accent) And
I have decided I am an Italian
storm.
(laughter)
MARISHA: You're just growing an
identity-- SAM: (Italian accent)
Yes!
MARISHA: -- over this game.
ASHLEY: Workshopping your
tempest.
SAM: (Italian accent) I use half
of my movement to stand up-eh.
MATT: There you go.
SAM: And seeing her in the air,
I will fly a-towards her
but I can only
a-fly a-15 feet, so.
MATT: Correct.
(laughter)
MATT: So unfortunately
you get about,
we'll say, there,
flying above your buddy.
MARISHA: You're on my head.
SAM: I've already used
my maelstrom attack,
so I cannot do anything.
MATT: All right, that
finishes your turn,
Tempest Cloudburst.
SAM: Thank you.
MATT: All right,
Marisha, you're up.
Travis, you're on deck.
MARISHA: (low voice) Get off.
And I shove Tempest
off and stand up.
(groans loudly) What are arms?
And then I--
SAM: It's just your Beau voice.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Yeah, it's--
It's just-- yeah. Yeah.
And then
I, too, will maelstrom.
MATT: Okay, all right, so.
MARISHA: I would
like to maelstrom.
MATT: So is that a-- which
saving throw for her, strength?
MARISHA: Uh-huh,
DC 20.
MATT: Make a strength save.
LAURA: I didn't even get
to maelstrom before I died.
SAM: I'm sorry.
MATT: (sympathetic noise)
MARISHA: This is for Windy.
ASHLEY: 27?
MARISHA: Said Beau.
MATT: Yeah, that'll
work, that'll work.
SAM: Saves.
MARISHA: Okay, well, you're
still taking half damage.
ASHLEY: I still take damage,
and then halve that
because of raging.
SAM: One-quarter.
MATT: Quarter damage.
LIAM: For the Storm Lord.
MARISHA: Okay,
that's pretty good,
that's 10, 16, 20, 21.
So 10 damage, 11 damage,
do you round up or down?
MATT: Down, to 10 so
five, take five points
of bludgeoning damage.
MARISHA: Five damage.
SAM: How you doin'?
ASHLEY: Oof.
TALIESIN: That's not the one
that hurts everybody around you,
is it?
ASHLEY: I'm a pre-teen at the
moment. MARISHA: That happens
when we die,
and it just happens.
MATT: All right, that
finishes your go, Marisha.
Travis, you're up.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I'm this lightning
guy that's right there.
MATT: You are right there.
TRAVIS: I'll move
within 30 feet of Yasha,
just out of the range.
MATT: So about there.
TRAVIS: Yep, and I will
send an arc strike towards--
MATT: You have advantage on this
because she did roll recklessly.
SAM: Oh noes.
TRAVIS: That will hit with a 27.
ASHLEY: That hits.
TRAVIS: And that will be--
MATT: Go ahead and
do some damage.
TRAVIS: Plus an
accumulated charge.
I dropped that.
Yeah, that's 26 points
of lightning damage.
ASHLEY: I'm unconscious.
MATT: You are.
ASHLEY: I'm out.
MATT: But you're also a
14th level zealot barbarian.
ASHLEY: You better
fucking believe it!
(laughter)
SAM: What does that do?
LIAM: Stays up and fights dead.
MATT: So she is
technically unconscious,
but the body continues to fight.
SAM: For how long?
MATT: She doesn't take--
she doesn't take zero
hit points to heart.
TRAVIS: Yep.
MATT: With the strike
knocks her, in the air,
and right as she's about to
fall, the wings come back
with a fury (wing beats),
even angrier, blade up.
LAURA: That's so fucking cool.
MATT: You now see,
where Yasha's eyes
normally have pupils, have
given way to arcs of lightning
that now strike out of
both sides of her head,
going down as her
hair begins to lift.
The air around her,
that static electricity,
is now causing it to create
this halo around her.
All right.
SAM: You see a little bit
of rain trickling down
Tempest's legs.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I love
how you said legs,
but you pointed to your face.
(laughter)
MATT: All righty, does that
finish your turn, Travis?
You got it. Top of the
round. Liam, you are up.
Taliesin, you're on deck.
ASHLEY: So should I-- do I
count these damage points?
Or, I'm just fighting it
basically unconscious?
MATT: You're just fighting
unconscious right now.
ASHLEY: Got it. Okay, okay.
LIAM: All right, my lightning
spirit will crackle up
to the top of that peak.
MATT: Up here?
LIAM: Yep, right there, that
should be within 30 feet,
and fire off another arc strike.
MATT: The range is 30 feet?
LIAM: Yep.
MATT: (crackling)
Just out of range.
LIAM: Oh, is it, okay.
MATT: Yeah, just out
of range, if you look--
going back and measuring here.
LIAM: It's okay, the 40-foot
distance from the table
might have messed with my--
MATT: I know, I know.
SAM: Spatial?
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: That's fine,
so it goes wide.
LIAM: Okay.
TRAVIS: I know it, baby.
MATT: Doesn't quite reach.
LIAM: (vulgar noise)
MATT: Taliesin, you're up.
TALIESIN: Let's
see, I'm going to
get up.
MATT: All righty.
TALIESIN: Oh boy, I'm going
to circle around to the left
and get a nice--
through the storms.
MATT: Through this
way, you mean?
TALIESIN: Yeah. I can't
move very far, can I?
MATT: That's about as far
as you can move right there.
TALIESIN: Am I still
within 30 feet?
MATT: You'll find out.
TALIESIN: Yeah, okay,
then I'm going to--
MATT: Yep, she's
in range for you.
TALIESIN: All right, I'm going
to do another retribution shot.
ASHLEY: Wrong pipe.
MATT: Go for it, with advantage.
TALIESIN: Oh, with advantage.
MARISHA: She's like a duck. SAM:
We're drowning her with our
rain!
MARISHA: Yeah, I was going to
say she's drowning in a rain
storm.
TALIESIN: That's--
what's that to hit?
ASHLEY: (coughing)
TRAVIS: Did you do it again?
LIAM: Aim it down the wrong
pipe!
TALIESIN: 19?
ASHLEY: I'm just like so amped,
I'm like drinking all the
things, I have to pee.
MATT: Yasha.
TALIESIN: 19 to hit?
MATT: Does 19 hit you?
ASHLEY: Yeah, yes.
TALIESIN: Okay.
ASHLEY: Yes, that hits.
TALIESIN: That's--
LAURA: (laughs)
TALIESIN: 1d12.
TRAVIS: You have any
reaction things you can do
as a zealot barbarian?
MATT: For this,
I don't think so.
ASHLEY: I don't, I
know I was looking.
TALIESIN: That's four feet,
That's four damage.
MATT: So you lose a death save.
SAM: Wait, any damage?
MATT: Any damage when
you're unconscious,
(snaps) takes off a death save.
SAM: Oh snap.
MATT: All right, that
finishes your turn, Taliesin.
MARISHA: Is it like the
Matrix, if she dies here,
she dies in real life?
SAM: No, no it's like
"Nightmare on Elm Street."
LAURA: Oh my god.
SAM: If she dies here
she dies in real life.
MARISHA: Yeah, same thing.
MATT: All right, so, Laura is
out. LAURA: What if she really
died?
MATT: Yasha.
LIAM: Well, then we
go to "Weekend at Bernie's."
MATT: Yasha.
ASHLEY: Wait, how do I?
MATT: Yasha, it's your turn.
ASHLEY: It's my turn, okay.
MATT: Yeah, what are you doing?
ASHLEY: Sorry, I was
looking for the death saves.
I'll just note that there's one.
MATT: Yeah, one is spent.
ASHLEY: I can't find
them, okay, okay.
Um, okay.
(exhales) All right, so I...
in front of me, I'm going
to go for the one, the--
MATT: Right here?
ASHLEY: Yes.
MATT: All right, still in
the air, slightly above it.
ASHLEY: Still in the
air, slightly above it,
take a swing.
MATT: All right, so you
move down about five feet,
big sweeping arc
with your blade,
go ahead and roll for
attack, reckless or not?
ASHLEY: Reckless.
MATT: Go for it.
ASHLEY: Okay, good.
Uh, uh, uh--
MATT: This is against--?
ASHLEY: 28, points of damage.
MATT: 28, to hit?
ASHLEY: I mean 28 to hit.
MATT: 28 to hit,
this is against--?
ASHLEY: I think that's Sam?
MATT: I think it's Sam.
SAM: (growl) I mean, ey-a.
(laughter)
MATT: So I believe
that hits you,
go ahead and roll damage.
LAURA: Have you-- oh,
you've taken some damage
because of me.
SAM: Yes.
TRAVIS: It's a-me.
ASHLEY: Savage Attacker
because that was no good.
Ooh, better, okay, so.
It's so quiet while
I'm trying to count.
25.
MATT: Is this plus your
level, for your radiant?
ASHLEY: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Dude, that
radiant is huge.
Yeah, I rolled pretty low.
MATT: Right, I'm saying
the additional 14 points
for your level.
ASHLEY: For the
radiant, for the wings.
MATT: Every turn you
get to do that once
when you have your
wings out, so.
ASHLEY: Okay, so, (panting)
39?
25 plus 14, 39?
MATT: 39 points of
damage to you, Sam.
SAM: You see a flash of
lightning, then you wait
one, two, three (explosion).
You hear a thunder blast
as I'm destroyed.
(yelling)
My family will kill you.
(laughter)
LAURA: So that's
6d6 bludgeoning.
SAM: Oh, I do a cloudburst,
am I close enough to do that?
MATT: Everybody,
except for Liam.
SAM: Within 15 feet of me?
MATT: Yep.
SAM: Okay.
MATT: Everybody except for Liam.
LAURA: Make a dex save.
SAM: Ooh, big roll.
Ten, 22--
LAURA: Do you have to make a dex
save, too? ASHLEY: I don't think
I do.
SAM: 30.
MATT: You do.
ASHLEY: I do, actually.
(laughter)
SAM: 30 points of
bludgeoning damage,
make a dex saving throw.
MARISHA: That's
all of us, right?
MATT: Yep.
MARISHA: I rolled a 19.
SAM: You save, so
it's half that.
MATT: So 15 bludgeoning to you.
MARISHA: Okay.
MATT: Taliesin?
TALIESIN: I'm dead.
LAURA: It took you out?
TRAVIS: Do you explode also?
TALIESIN: I get
grounded, I just go--
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Grounding charge.
ASHLEY: I failed.
MATT: All right, so you
take your second death save.
ASHLEY: Another
death save, okay.
MATT: All right.
ASHLEY: You have
three total, right?
TRAVIS: Yep.
MATT: Three total, yep.
SAM: Did I hit you?
MATT: So that was your
first strike, what's up?
LAURA: Does that mean
she's knocked prone, too?
MATT: No, she never
falls unconscious.
SAM: Did I hit Travis
when I blew up?
MARISHA: The exploding thunder.
MATT: Oh, and you as well, yes.
TRAVIS: Oh, how many points
was it? SAM: It was 30.
Unless you make a dex 18 save.
TRAVIS: Natural 20.
MATT: Damn.
LAURA: The bludgeoning
damage and be knocked prone
if you fail.
MATT: Correct.
LAURA: Okay.
ASHLEY: So would I fall?
MATT: So you
would fall prone.
SAM: So would Travis.
MATT: So you fall to the ground.
SAM: I'm sorry, not Travis,
Cyclone.
MATT: You take...
one point of bludgeoning
damage because you were--
well, no, you would
have been five feet up,
so you wouldn't have been
enough to take any damage,
so you're fine.
But you are prone.
ASHLEY: I am prone.
MATT: You moved five feet, so
your speed would normally be 50?
Right?
ASHLEY: Yeah.
MATT: That's 45, in
order to get back up
you have to half
that, we'll say to 20.
But you still have
a second attack.
ASHLEY: I know.
SAM: Get it.
LAURA: Get it.
ASHLEY: I'm just wondering
if I should heal myself.
SAM: Can you heal yourself?
ASHLEY: I can.
SAM: Would that take-- would
that restore a death save?
MATT: It's an action,
which you cannot do,
because you already used
your action to attack.
ASHLEY: Yeah, because I've
already used it, okay.
Fuck it, sorry. I'm
going to attack.
MATT: All right, which
one are you going after?
ASHLEY: Let's go for that guy.
MARISHA: No.
MATT: Which guy?
ASHLEY: Oh, sorry.
MATT: There's two guys.
ASHLEY: The floofy.
MATT: Right here?
ASHLEY: Yeah.
MATT: All right, yeah,
you have enough movement.
TRAVIS: The soft serve?
ASHLEY: The soft serve.
MATT: So you get back
up off the ground,
your feet are still
dangling in the air
as the wings, (flapping)
and you swoop in to
swing your second strike
towards Marisha.
MARISHA: Barry.
I'm naming him Barry.
His full name is
Low Barometric Pressure,
but it's Barry for short.
ASHLEY: Fuck.
Sorry, I'm cursing a lot.
MATT: Tempest Cloudburst is gone
but we have Barry on the field.
ASHLEY: Oh, wait.
15?
MARISHA: To hit me?
ASHLEY: Oh, no, I'm sorry.
19?
MARISHA: Yeah, that hits.
ASHLEY: Okay, okay, okay.
MATT: This is just
standard damage roll,
you do not get the
additional radiant,
because you only do
that once per round.
ASHLEY: Got it, okay.
I already did Savage
Attacker, right, on this turn?
MATT: You did.
ASHLEY: Okay, so.
15 points of damage.
MARISHA: That is
exactly my hit points,
which means I essplode.
SAM: Oh no.
MATT: Which gets you as well.
TRAVIS: Uh-huh.
MATT: So I'd like
you both to roll
dexterity saving throws.
And you go ahead and
roll damage there, Barry.
MARISHA: (low, slow voice) Okay.
MATT: Buddy.
LAURA: Be bad if you didn't--
TRAVIS: Natural one.
ASHLEY: That'll be interesting.
LAURA: You have
to roll above 18.
ASHLEY: You have to
roll above an 18?
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: I literally rolled a
natural one on the dex save.
MATT: There's a balance.
TRAVIS: I don't have
a lot of hit points.
LAURA: But you get advantage
on dex saves, right?
ASHLEY: Yeah. TRAVIS: I've
only been hit by my own people.
MARISHA: 21 total again.
TRAVIS: 21 total what?
MARISHA: Bludgeoning damage.
TRAVIS: Jesus Christ, I
only had 20 hit points.
MARISHA: Oh no!
TRAVIS: You killed me.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: Thank you, baby!
TRAVIS: I only got hurt
by all you fuckers.
ASHLEY: Wait, so who's left?
MATT: Liam is untouched.
But Ashley, did you roll?
Because you were in the radius
too.
ASHLEY: Oh, that's right.
SAM: Oh, I don't like
this, I don't like this.
MARISHA: (low, slow
voice) I'm sorry.
ASHLEY: Okay.
Oh good, okay.
22.
SAM: She saves.
MATT: That's a success,
but you still take half damage.
ASHLEY: So I'm
still taking damage.
MATT: So third
death saving throw.
You are dead.
ASHLEY: I'm dead.
MATT: But you're still up.
LAURA: Oh my god!
MATT: Because that's
what your ability does.
ASHLEY: Rage after death.
MATT: Yeah.
ASHLEY: Because I'm raging.
MATT: She is a dead
spirit, flying.
ASHLEY: If I weren't
raging, I'd be donezos.
MATT: When the rage
ends, we'll find out.
Well, nevertheless,
that finishes that go.
Travis is gone,
everyone else is gone,
Liam, it's your turn.
LIAM: Well, I guess Shock
Hudson will close the distance.
(laughter)
MATT: Right there?
SAM: He's so handsome.
LIAM: As close as he can get.
(laughter)
MATT: It gets you about there.
LIAM: Yeah.
ASHLEY: I just stop
and I do the Matrix.
TRAVIS: He has a fedora.
MATT: Just come--
all right, go for it.
TRAVIS: You and me kid.
LIAM: Winner takes
all, arc strike!
Ka-kow!
MATT: You do have advantage.
LIAM: 22 to hit.
ASHLEY: That hits.
MATT: Go ahead and roll damage.
LIAM: (whooshing)
LAURA: Oh no.
ASHLEY: The little chains!
Oh my god.
LIAM: 12 points of
electric damage.
SAM: What does that do?
MATT: You are still dead.
It's your turn, Yasha.
SAM: (laughs) What?
LAURA: What does it mean?
ASHLEY: Okay.
SAM: She's extra dead.
ASHLEY: Okay, so.
SAM: Super dead.
ASHLEY: I'm going to look to
make sure Storm Lord's watching,
which I'm sure he is.
SAM: (laughs) He's distracted.
(laughter)
MATT: He's checking his
Twitter, he's like--
ASHLEY: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
MATT: Good job.
TALIESIN: Swipe right.
LAURA: Dad! Dad, look at me!
ASHLEY: I'm going to take
a swing, or get up closer,
a little closer, and--
LIAM: (monster growling)
MATT: Arcing up.
Blade down, go ahead and
roll for your attacks.
ASHLEY: Okay.
Ooh, cocked.
Cocked, okay, I'm not going to
roll that. LAURA: Ooh, cocked.
MATT: That there's real cocked.
LAURA: That one's cocked.
ASHLEY: Okay, that's good.
But reckless, let me
see if I can get a 20.
No, okay.
26.
LIAM: That does hit.
ASHLEY: Okay, so--
MATT: Full damage on
this first strike.
ASHLEY: It's cocked.
I'm going to roll Savage
Attacker because that wasn't
great.
(groans) Okay.
17.
29, 30, 31, 32.
35, this is so embarrassing,
counting with my fingers
while everybody's watching.
TRAVIS: Barbarian counting is
tough. MATT: No, we all do it.
Yeah.
LIAM: 35?
ASHLEY: 35.
LIAM: That is the exact
number of hit points I have.
MATT: No shit!
(exclaiming)
LIAM: But you take four
points of lightning damage
from the Retribution
Shock as I (screeching).
MATT: Indeed, you are,
with the final blow struck,
the final foe scattered.
The rage still
pumping in your veins,
your consciousness
barely present.
Comes around to your turn.
As the rage is subsiding,
what do you do?
ASHLEY: I rage again.
MATT: Okay. ASHLEY: Wait,
wait, wait, what did you say?
I'm sorry.
MATT: I said
it's coming to your next turn.
What are you doing this turn?
At the end of this turn,
unless you are attacking
or being attacked,
you will fall out of your rage.
ASHLEY: And I'll die.
MATT: Yes.
ASHLEY: So I want
to continue my rage.
MATT: Okay.
ASHLEY: So I'll rage again.
ASHLEY: (sighs) And
I want to try to
fly up to where I think
the Storm Lord is.
Get closer to him so I can
be eye to eye with him.
MATT: Okay.
You glance up into the sky
and you can see
the clouds rolling,
but the face isn't present.
It's not on the
surface as it once was.
You just see the storm.
(whooshing)
You start flying up
as fast as you can,
60 feet, you're not
sure how high up it is.
30 feet flying up,
finishes your round.
End of your next turn,
what are you doing?
ASHLEY: I'm keeping going.
MATT: Even higher
up into the air.
SAM: Did you rage or something?
ASHLEY: Just raging.
(whooshing)
MATT: How many rages
do you have left?
ASHLEY: I have, well--
What I have had since
this was considered a--
LIAM: Full tank of gas.
ASHLEY: A full-time. (laughs)
MATT: You would have
had full rages--
ASHLEY: Full rages, okay,
so I think I've used--
TRAVIS: Three?
ASHLEY: Two?
TALIESIN: Two.
MATT: Two at this point.
ASHLEY: Two at this point,
so I have three left.
MATT: Okay.
So you continue up, double
move by dashing, I assume?
ASHLEY: Yes.
MATT: Okay.
(whooshing) Sword out,
heading towards the storm,
and the faster you go,
the immensity of the sky above
you begins to come into view
as it just slowly
begins to approach.
It's further than you thought,
but you're getting closer.
Next round.
ASHLEY: Great, because I want
to fly to the center of it.
MATT: Okay, so you just
keep coasting upwards,
slowly spiraling as your
wings take you up higher
and higher. (surging)
The flashes of
light all around you
as the blood is pumping through
your veins (blood pumping)
in the back of your
head, that furious,
Zealot-like rage,
keeping you conscious
in spite of the
fact that your body
is falling into its end.
You continue to swim upward,
the next round comes.
LAURA: That's the last rage.
ASHLEY: That's the last
rage, so keep going till I...
I want to get to the
eye of the storm.
MATT: You're close,
you're close.
But you got another two rounds
or so before you reach the top.
ASHLEY: Fuck.
SAM: Oh no.
MATT: You're about to fall out
of your rage, what do you do?
ASHLEY: See if this
will work, hang on.
Can I dash? Can I--
MATT: You've been dashing up.
ASHLEY: I know, I know, okay.
Um, um, um.
So the storm's going.
MATT: Mm-hmm.
ASHLEY: Is there
lightning still?
MATT: There's lightning in
the space around you, yes.
And the storm is
approaching you,
but you can feel the
energy starting to drift,
your vision starting to go dark.
The damage you've sustained
has been too strong
and you're currently teetering
on that line between
life and death.
That light that shines inside
you is starting to fade.
What do you do?
ASHLEY: Fuck, okay.
Can I...
(sighs) I don't have
to roll anything,
so that's not going
to help. (exhales)
MATT: What do you still
have at your disposal?
ASHLEY: Well, I have
Zealous Presence,
but I'm not rolling anything
so that's not really
going to help with that.
I don't...
Hold on, hold on,
hold on, oh fuck.
Everybody's watching,
this is great.
SAM: Yeah, yeah, we're
all watching you.
MATT: (crackling)
(thunder rumbling)
(whooshing)
ASHLEY: I can't do anything.
SAM: What sustains rage?
LAURA: Can you hit yourself?
Can you damage yourself?
MATT: Can't damage yourself,
the only way to
get up is through--
LAURA: You can't
Kylo Ren yourself
and hit yourself to stay angry?
MATT: (laughs) Not really.
ASHLEY: Is there a way
I can get into the path
of lightning or something?
LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: Go ahead and make
a perception check.
MARISHA: Come on.
ASHLEY: (sighs) Okay.
SAM: Lightning rod.
ASHLEY: 18.
MATT: 18.
Glancing off the
side of your eye,
you can see some of the
arcs (lightning crashing)
flashing around and you just
sense the air to your left
starting to get that
tingling sensation,
like something's about to
happen, that anticipation.
ASHLEY: Okay, if I feel that,
I want to attract it, so
I hold out the sword up.
MATT: You hold the
sword out. (rumbling)
A bolt of lightning arcs
straight to the tip of the blade
down into your
arm and your torso
and as it fills
you, you scream out
in what you expect to be pain.
It's power, but it doesn't hurt.
In that moment, you
look back at the sword.
(crackling) the
energy still crackling
up and down the front of it,
and you're sustained
for the moment,
and you continue to
fly up. (whooshing)
You hit the clouds
(cracking) and break through
the heaviness of the
darkness pushing past you
before suddenly, you
open into a pocket
in the center of the storm.
This vacuous expanse
where you're surrounded
by this empty void,
where the lightning (crackling)
arcs around it like
the inside of an orb.
And there on the opposite side,
you see the face staring at you,
crackling eyes of
angered nature.
"Where do you find
your strength?"
(rumbling)
ASHLEY: Oh my god.
(chuckles) I'm so nervous.
(sighs)
I...
I protect.
I find my strength
in my friends.
in my family, and
laying my life before them.
MATT: (crashing)
Bolts of energy
begin to just gather,
more and more frequent
arcing all around you.
The inside of this dark space
begins to light up all over,
hitting in the center, sparking.
You're having to
push against it.
It seems like a
whirlwind is spinning up.
The wind is pushing at you
and you beat your wings
as hard as you can,
still teetering on that
edge of consciousness.
(growling)
"Then
"protect them."
And it all goes dark,
until all you see are those
two burning, crackling eyes.
"Protect them."
As everything goes to dark.
(gasps) You take a deep breath,
still sitting in the
middle of the dark mud,
rain pattering down on you.
You're freezing to your core.
Your whole body is shaking
from the temperature.
You look around you and you're
in the center of the grove
at who knows what
ungodly hour, alone.
You look down at the blade
you placed in the dirt.
LAURA: (excited noise) Oh!
ASHLEY: Um.
I'll take the sword.
MATT: As you reach
for it, (crackling)
energy strikes between your hand
and the blade for a
moment, and you pull back.
And you grab it, and it
feels warm to your touch.
ASHLEY: I wipe it down.
I'll sheathe it
and I'll go inside.
MATT: Okay.
You wander back in and it
seems that most of the group
is in some state of
sprawled out and sleeping
in this slumber party
of a main area in the temple,
with varying degrees of
consciousness and
unconsciousness.
You can see Caduceus and
his father, Cornelius,
nodding off,
two half-dranken cups of now
cooled tea in their hands.
But it's quiet, it's peaceful.
And you swear, listening out,
the rain seems to
be subsiding gently,
lessening, calming.
ASHLEY: I'll go see
where Beau is sleeping
and just lay beside her
and stare at her
until I fall asleep.
MARISHA: I just roll over,
being in that,
when you know your significant
other isn't beside you,
lighter sleep, just roll over.
You okay?
ASHLEY: Yeah, I'm okay.
MARISHA: Okay.
Hold me.
(chuckling)
ASHLEY: I bring her in and--
MARISHA: Oh, oh
god, you're so wet.
ASHLEY: Oh shit, I'm sorry.
I take off my cloak,
all the stuff,
try to wring out my hair.
(laughter)
MARISHA: I just warm up
her arms a little bit.
MATT: Okay.
MARISHA: I'll clasp
and hold her hands
as I drift back to sleep.
ASHLEY: (exhales)
MATT: Okay.
You may all take your long rest.
LAURA: I had to do something
before we went to sleep.
MATT: Okay, what
do you want to do?
LAURA: I have to send a message.
LIAM: To [inaudible].
LAURA: Uh-huh.
I have to send a
message to Wensworth,
Wens, Wayne's World---
MATT: Wensforth.
LIAM: Wilbur.
MATT: Wayne's World, yeah.
LAURA: Have to find out
to find out what's happenin'.
MATT: Sure.
LAURA: So I'm going to try
to send a message to him.
MATT: All right.
LAURA: I'll have to
do this at 4th-level
because I'm out of thirds.
MATT: Okay, it is...
Well yeah, go.
LAURA: Is that--
MATT: Yeah, you
can totally do it.
LAURA: It's late.
MATT: Yeah, but when's
that ever stopped you?
TRAVIS: That poor fucker.
MATT: Yeah.
(laughter)
LAURA: Hey, what's
happening, are you okay?
Yussa sounds like screaming!
I tried to contact him
and he was screaming!
Are you dead?
Oh gods. Are you okay, please?
MATT: There's a pause before,
"Hello?
"Master's still
doing his journey."
LAURA: Oh shit.
MATT: "Sorry about
that business.
"I think old friends stopped by.
"I may have been had,
"but we're safe."
LAURA: Okay.
Okay.
TRAVIS: (whispering)
May have been had?
LAURA: Doesn't even know
that Yussa's fucking
being tortured
right now, mentally.
Fuck.
How did he make it out?
I'mma send one more message.
MATT: Sure.
SAM: (sneezes)
MATT: Gesundheit.
MARISHA: Bless you.
LIAM: Gesund.
LAURA: Wait!
SAM: Hair in my nose.
LAURA: How did you make it out?
Did they hurt you?
I'm talking about
the old wizard.
Did he hurt you?
You should really wake Yussa up.
(laughter)
MATT: "No, he didn't hurt me.
"I think I might
have been ensorcelled
"to let them in.
"but they didn't stay long.
"I'm trying." (chuckles)
LAURA: Okay, okay.
Well, at least he's not dead.
I don't know if I'm
talking to anyone
or just myself right now.
Is everybody sleeping?
TRAVIS: No, I'm with you.
SAM: This is earlier.
LAURA: Oh, this is earlier?
Okay, good.
TRAVIS: I'm still here.
LAURA: Okay, so that
happened. (laughs)
SAM: Oh, crazy.
LAURA: I know.
Okay, you go back
to sleep, sorry.
ASHLEY: I think I'm going
to go for a walk outside.
LAURA: Okay.
(laughter)
SAM: Careful, it sounds like
there's a storm brewing.
I heard some, like,
Italian thunder.
ASHLEY: Oh, yeah?
I don't know what that is.
LIAM: I'm going out, too.
You go this way,
I'll go that way.
ASHLEY: Yeah, okay, okay. Yeah.
You okay over there, Beau?
MARISHA: Yeah, you need me?
ASHLEY: Nah, I'm good.
MARISHA: I'm going
to go to sleep, then.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LIAM: Hi, doggie.
ASHLEY: Oh, hi, doggie.
MATT: Pulling some Witcher
timeline shenanigans here now.
TRAVIS: You're my
favorite customer.
(laughter)
LAURA: And then I
had one more thing
that I wanted to do.
MATT: Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Go for it, sure.
LAURA: But this could
be after everybody's--
SAM: This is earlier still.
LAURA: No, this is later.
(laughter)
MATT: We got to
untangle this as we go.
LAURA: Just fast forward in
time-- LIAM: Go back to
Trostenwald.
LAURA: -- because I
want this to be after
Fjord and I went on our walk.
MATT: Yeah, okay, sure.
LAURA: Before I go to sleep.
MATT: Right.
LAURA: But I can be by myself.
MATT: Hey, Dani's the one
who's going to untangle this.
I don't give a shit.
(laughter)
MATT: I ain't doin'
the recaps. (laughs)
LAURA: I want to
wander off by myself.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: This corner's taken.
(laughter)
MATT: "Taken.
"Seat's taken."
LAURA: Find a little--
alcove in the temple.
And I'm going to just
say: Hey, Artie.
I need to scry on
somebody, okay?
Are you here?
I want to scry on--
(whispering) I want
to scry on Vandran.
MATT: You hear a voice go,
"Um, terribly sorry.
"Remind me who this
Vandran person is?"
LAURA: Vandran is the guy that--
He was Fjord's mentor
and Fjord-- I know he's
really important to him
and he won't let
me check up on him,
and I think I should
check up on him.
MATT: "Then let's
give it a shot."
LAURA: Okay.
We checked up on him
before, so I know
what he looks like
and everything.
I have the description
and all that shit.
MATT: Correct, yeah.
LAURA: Okay, I'm going
to cast 5th-level spell.
MATT: You got it, so you're
going to scry on him.
What's the DC?
LAURA: Of scry?
MATT: Yeah.
LAURA: Okay, hold on.
Let me look.
MATT: It's your
general spell DC, so.
LAURA: Oh, then I think it's 18.
MATT: And I believe
wisdom, right?
Yeah.
LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: As you concentrate
for a second,
you feel Artie's hands
touch on your temples,
almost like he's about
to close your eyes
like a Guess Who game,
but it's just on the
sides of the face.
LAURA: Can you just give
a little, a massugle?
MATT: "Why not?"
LAURA: Been a hard--
MATT: He goes and massages
the temples for a minute.
And you're like,
"Oh, that's good."
And he goes "Hey, look at that,"
and then tilts your head up,
and as you do, you feel
your vision (whooshing)
jettisoned through the ceiling,
up into the storm clouds.
And then as you're lost,
drifting on the
winds of the storm,
it seems endless.
(whooshing) Just
being buffeted around,
not to a painful degree, but
just a little disorienting,
until suddenly you
break the clouds below
and you can see
occasional flashes
of distant lightning
reflecting on ocean water.
And then you blink
your eyes for a second
and you're in a jungle.
You can hear late
night jungle insects
and crickets, and
other such creatures,
just (chirping),
all echoing through the space.
And you see a little
makeshift cabin
made of driftwood,
and a very faint glow
in the inside of it.
And you blink again, and
you see on the inside,
sitting by a very small,
almost just embers fire,
an older gentleman who
matches the description,
facial hair a bit
scragglier, a bit longer,
just sitting and reading a book.
Picks up a pipe, puffs on it.
Sets it down and
just keeps reading.
By himself, peaceful.
LAURA: There's nobody else?
Nobody in the cabin?
MATT: Just him.
LAURA: Does his face look--
(sighs) I don't know,
troubled, or serene, or?
MATT: Make an insight check.
LIAM: Get a good one.
LAURA: (laughs)
I'm going to use
this old wood one.
Oh, that didn't count
because it flipped
out of my hand.
15.
MATT: 15?
You don't sense any
trouble in the face.
I mean, his face is
heavily marked with lines
and wrinkles from just years
of living in the elements,
but where the creases are,
in the eyes and the mouth,
they seem to not
denote any sort of
stress at the moment,
here in this quiet night.
LAURA: Can I see
what he's reading?
MATT: You cannot.
Roll a perception check,
just for the hell of it.
See if you surprise me.
LAURA: 23.
MATT: (sighs) The book
cover you can't see
because he's holding
it in his lap
as he's setting his pipe
down, as you glance down.
He's probably two-thirds
of the way through.
But you get through a
few of the sentences.
There's something about this
that seems really familiar.
Deals with returning
to the Menagerie Coast
after she was taken.
Shit, he's two-thirds of
the way through "Tusk Love."
LAURA: (laughs) Yes.
TRAVIS: No!
LAURA: (laughs)
SAM: Nice, nice.
ASHLEY: Yes.
LAURA: I was going to say
it as a joke. (laughs)
MATT: No, he's straight-up
reading "Tusk Love."
LIAM: It's a good book.
MATT: Yeah.
LAURA: Vandran is the coolest!
(laughter)
MARISHA: Apparently,
the only smut novel
and they all love it.
LAURA: The most popular one.
MARISHA: Yeah.
SAM: It's 50 Shades of Gray.
MATT: No, there's a
lot of smut novels.
It's just really popular.
MARISHA: 50 Shades of Gray.
MATT: Yeah, it gets around
a lot. MARISHA: I get it.
50 Shades of Green.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Solid.
LAURA: There's nothing, like--
I can't get a clue
of where he is?
MATT: Unfortunately, Scry
doesn't really help out with
that.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: Is there a map behind him,
with a big arrow that says--
TRAVIS and SAM: "You are here"?
(laughter)
LAURA: Okay, okay.
All right, I guess that's all.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: (whooshing)
MATT: (whooshing) You pull back
and Artie's hands move from
the temple, and he's like,
"All right, back to my
evening, and enjoy yours."
(whooshing)
LAURA: Thanks for the massage!
MATT: "No problem!"
MARISHA: So where in
the timeline are we now?
MATT: We're back to-- LAURA:
We're back to where we were.
MATT: We're in Trostenwald now.
MARISHA: Oh, okay.
MATT: We're jumping
back to the beginning.
TRAVIS: (whooshing)
LIAM: Wait, roll forward to
the sunset of the campaign.
MATT: Right, okay. (laughs)
MARISHA: Let's all start
saying our goodbyes.
And then jump back to here.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: Anything else?
LAURA: No, I'll stop
taking all the time.
MATT: It's okay!
TRAVIS: It's not a lot of time.
LIAM: Please.
TRAVIS: Anything else?
LIAM: Do your
thing if you have--
TRAVIS: Yeah, I can see it.
MATT: Yeah, do it!
LIAM: The wheels
are turning, do it.
LAURA: Can I use one
more Message spell?
MATT: If you've got
the spell slots for it.
MARISHA: Are you going to do it?
LAURA: I'mma send a
message to Vandran.
MARISHA: You're going to do it!
TRAVIS: To Vandran?
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Fucking shit.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: I'm proud of you.
SAM: "Where are you?"
(laughter)
LIAM: DPB.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
MATT: Okay.
MARISHA: Are you on
the Tusk Love forums?
(laughter)
LAURA: Oh my god,
I love that book!
MARISHA: You have to tell me
what you think
when you finish it.
TRAVIS: Chapter 16 is so hot.
MATT: Oh my goodness.
LAURA: You're not with
me, you can't count.
I got to count myself.
SAM: Is that how that works?
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: Let it happen.
LAURA: Hello. You don't know me.
MARISHA: ♪ Hello ♪
LAURA: But I know
Fjord.
Is there anything you
want me to tell him?
Make it good.
SAM: What?
LAURA: Tusk Love rocks.
(laughter)
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
MARISHA: #TeamOskar.
MATT: You wait a moment.
MARISHA: It's Oskar and--
LAURA: No, he's in it.
MARISHA: Fiona?
Who's the girl's name?
LAURA: I think it's Genevieve.
MARISHA: Genevieve?
Oh, I think that that
does sound right.
TRAVIS: Oh, Oskar.
TALIESIN: Been a while.
ASHLEY: Oh, Oskar.
TRAVIS: Take me, Oskar.
LIAM: Wait, the heroine
from the book's name
is the same as Jester's name?
LAURA: Yeah. (laughs)
That's why she loved it.
SAM: She was named
after that book.
It's her mom's favorite book.
LIAM: (stammers)
MATT: "Rather unexpected.
"Well, whoever you are,
"just tell him to
take care of himself.
"Also,
"it's pretty good.
"No spoilers, please."
And that's where he ends it.
(laughter)
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: That's it.
LAURA: I'm going to go back to
you know, where the
beds and stuff are
and lay down.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: Okay.
MARISHA: (laughs)
LIAM: Best troublemaker.
TALIESIN: Chaos bomb.
MATT: All right, anything else?
SAM: I'm just going to spend
some time writing a letter
before I go to sleep. That's it.
MATT: Okay, no worries.
All righty, can
take your long rest.
SAM: Oh, thank god. Oh, wait.
MARISHA: Oh yeah.
LIAM: I'm going to take
it in the bathroom.
TRAVIS: Fucking A.
TALIESIN: I picked my spells.
I'm excited. TRAVIS: I feel
like it's been three sessions
since we took a long rest.
ASHLEY: My god,
it's been a while.
ALL: ♪ It's been a while ♪
(laughter)
MATT: But as you all come
to consciousness into the
still chilly, but
thankfully warmer, morning
now that the storm has passed,
and light seems to creep
across the grove first thing.
You can see everything
glistening with dew.
The breeze is still.
And while there is
still a gray sky above,
it's more welcoming than
it was the night before.
Well, to most of you.
So what would you like to do?
TALIESIN: I'm having a bath.
MATT: (chuckles)
TRAVIS: Having a bath?
TALIESIN: There's a hot
spring, this is how I do it.
TRAVIS: Oh yes, yes, is it
a private hot spring or--?
TALIESIN: No, it's right there.
MARISHA: Yeah, how many people?
TRAVIS: Sounds amazing.
TALIESIN: It's big enough.
ASHLEY: Can we all fit?
MARISHA: We all can fit>
TRAVIS: Jester, did you want
to go to the hot spring?
LAURA: Yes!
TRAVIS: Okay, yeah,
I mean, we're going.
MARISHA: We're about to
be in the frozen tundra.
TALIESIN: It's
not that far away.
TRAVIS: They're naturally
more buoyant than
other bodies of water.
SAM: I'll jump
around on top of it.
TRAVIS: All right, yeah, yeah.
ASHLEY: Put your feet in?
SAM: Nah.
ASHLEY: No?
SAM: I'm okay.
(laughter)
MATT: All righty.
You all go ahead and take a dip
as a scattered crew
within the hot spring.
If you want to.
TALIESIN: Oh, let me
do that thing, then.
Roll a d6, anyone
who's getting in.
MARISHA: All of us?
TALIESIN: Yep.
MARISHA: Anyone who's getting
in? TRAVIS: Roll a d6.
Three.
LAURA: Five.
MARISHA: Two.
TALIESIN: You're fine.
ASHLEY: One.
TALIESIN: You fit.
The three of you hop
into a part of the spring
that is not fed
by the hot water,
because it's kind of
random where you get.
So it's fucking cold.
TRAVIS: Fuck this!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (shouting)
Your neck seizes up.
TALIESIN: Just keep
scoochin', keep scoochin'.
MARISHA: I've got a warm patch
right here. TALIESIN: Got to
find a jet.
MARISHA: Right here, feels good.
There you go.
ASHLEY and SAM: We're
in a hot spring.
LIAM: Wow. I was like,
"What's goin' on?"
Are we poisoning
Fjord in his sleep?
(laughter)
MATT: Are you joining them
in the hot spring, Caleb?
LIAM: Of course I am
joining in the hot spring.
This has been been
the hardest day ever.
MATT: Roll a d6.
LIAM: Three.
TALIESIN: Yeah, it's
freezing. Freezing as fuck.
LIAM: The one that I picked?
LAURA: Find a hot spot, find a
hot spot!
MARISHA: Over here,
get over here!
ASHLEY: Yeah, we have a
hot spot that's really--
LIAM: I deserve this frigidity.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Cold and
then you go to the hot,
and you go back to the cold,
it really loosens you up.
LIAM: Oh, I'm doing
the dog paddle.
MATT: It's like soaking
self-flagellation.
You all eventually find some
sort of a middle ground.
It's a little crowded to get
to the warmer spots there,
but you all are enjoying
that cleansing warm
hot spring experience.
All right?
TALIESIN: Everyone sleep well?
Everyone feeling rested?
ASHLEY: Yeah. Wait,
should we give a look-see?
SAM: To what? Oh,
the eyes? The eyes?
ASHLEY: Did you have
any dreams or anything?
SAM: If you're naked
in the hot spring,
why don't you just show us your
bodies? LAURA: This is the best
time to look.
LIAM: Well, I didn't
have any dreams.
I just stand up
out of the water.
MARISHA: T-pose.
SAM: I mean, any new eyes?
LIAM: Full 360?
MARISHA: Full, yep.
LIAM: Yeah, you see everything.
MATT: Between the
passive perception of
Caduceus and a number
of other of you,
you do not see any
additional eyes
that have gathered
on your teammates.
LIAM: Hold on, there's one
place we haven't looked.
ASHLEY: Where's that?
LIAM: Right here.
ASHLEY: Ah!
TRAVIS: The bottom of effort.
LIAM: Ace Ventura.
(laughter)
MATT: All righty.
TALIESIN: You seem chipper.
ASHLEY: Hmm? Me?
TALIESIN: I don't know,
you seem a little--
ASHLEY: I like it here.
TALIESIN: Yeah, me, too.
ASHLEY: I like it here a lot.
TALIESIN: Yeah.
ASHLEY: Yeah.
TALIESIN: That's what I get from
my nat 20 perception, fuck it.
(laughter)
LAURA: Fjord?
TRAVIS: Yes?
LAURA: I have to
tell you something.
TRAVIS: Did you pee
in the hot spring?
LAURA: Doesn't everybody?
TRAVIS: No.
LAURA: Oh. Anyway.
MARISHA: What did you do?
TRAVIS: Is this is a game?
Am I supposed to guess
at your gestures?
LAURA: I'm just going
to whisper in his ear
that I scryed on Vandran.
TRAVIS: (stammers)
TALIESIN: She
sighed the bad man.
I don't know, that's what
I could get from them.
TRAVIS: What did you say?
LAURA: He's living in a jungle
in a little, in a
little driftwood house.
And he was smoking a pipe
and he was reading Tusk Love.
And I sent him a message.
TRAVIS: Are you
telling me a dream
or something that is true?
LAURA: No.
And I sent him a
message, and I--
I-- he sounded like--
he sounded so happy
and taken aback to
know that I knew you.
And he said that he wanted you
to take care of yourself.
And he also said that
he loved Tusk Love, too.
TRAVIS: I have so many
different emotions about this.
LAURA: I know.
TRAVIS: You really--
LAURA: I really did that.
TRAVIS: And he was
reading Tusk Love?
LAURA: Yeah!
TRAVIS: In a small
hut, in a jungle?
LAURA: Yeah. It
doesn't seem real.
It doesn't seem like possible.
TRAVIS: Of all the books?
LAURA: I know, it's
a real good book.
TRAVIS: Okay.
He seemed happy?
LAURA: He seemed, like,
content, if not lonely.
TRAVIS: You didn't see
where, what jungle?
LAURA: No, it was just a jungle.
But it was like-- do I remember?
It was like, we went
over the water, right?
MATT: You remember a brief
moment of water and that was it.
LAURA: I remember a
brief moment of water.
LIAM: I'm sorry, but
what you're saying,
we are talking about
your old friend?
TRAVIS: Yes, yeah.
My old captain.
LIAM: Reading Tusk Love?
TRAVIS: In a hut in the
middle of the jungle.
LIAM: Well, if anyone
here did not believe
in fate before today,
brush those qualms aside.
LAURA: But it's got to be
a jungle close to the water
because it was a driftwood hut.
TRAVIS: Right.
I told you I didn't want to,
I didn't want to
scry on Vandran.
LAURA: I know.
TRAVIS: Thank you.
LAURA: Are you mad at me?
TRAVIS: No, no. I'm not mad.
LAURA: It's just, we're
going into this big,
important thing and who
knows what's going to happen,
and--
TRAVIS: I do. It will be fine.
I suppose there
was some bit of me
that wanted the
extra motivation,
but coming out of this,
and besides I-- now I really,
really want to find him.
TRAVIS: If only to take
that fucking book away!
LAURA: (gasps) What!? No.
TRAVIS: Ha ha!
LAURA: I want to meet
them now when we can have
a good long talk.
Just about that.
TRAVIS: Okay. Sure.
After I can, you know,
share a few words first.
LAURA: Of course.
TRAVIS: Thank you.
LAURA: If you're mad
at me, I understand.
TRAVIS: No, no.
LAURA: That was an overstep.
TRAVIS: It's really hard to be
mad at you.
That is a universal--
LAURA: Especially look.
I'm naked.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: You are.
And so are they! It's a
close knit group, this.
MARISHA: Very, very close knit.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
It's fine.
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: How's everyone
feeling this morning?
TALIESIN: Pretty good.
ASHLEY: Pretty good, yeah.
MARISHA: Not too bad, actually.
ASHLEY: Yeah. TRAVIS: How many
of you actually believe that?
I actually feel pretty good.
You?
TALIESIN: Oh, aye.
TRAVIS: Yeah? Do you feel good?
ASHLEY: I feel-- I feel great.
TRAVIS: Did you mean it?
MARISHA: I did. Yeah.
TRAVIS: What about you three?
LAURA: Just left my mom.
SAM: Yeah. My son died a
day ago, so no, not really.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
LIAM: You know, if you want,
it's been a night of sleep
for you to think about it.
I want you by our side, but
it's got to be a hard
decision to make.
And if you want to go back,
I can send you, if you want.
SAM: But what are we doing?
I mean, what is the plan?
LAURA: We go to
Eiselcross from here.
SAM: And do what?
TRAVIS: I imagine we
lay in wait for Lucien,
hope he hasn't beaten us there.
Sync up with Essek,
figure out who's going to join
us on this defensive build.
TALIESIN: Maybe figure
out more about what it is.
MARISHA: We know where
that secret passage is.
If we still wanted to try
and go there and lay a trap.
I don't think we can kill
Lucien so easily, but maybe
if we can pick off some
of the other Tomb Takers.
LAURA: I could lay-- you
could do it, too, I think.
We could lay, like, symbols
on the ground as traps.
And if they wander into it,
it could maybe, you know,
lay like an ambush, because
they won't know we're there
if they can't scry
on us anymore.
TALIESIN: I have some thoughts.
LIAM: There is
possibly another--
(laughter)
Possibly another problem
to worry about, as well.
I think that Ikithon is
aware that we've had
contact with Essek.
MARISHA: What do you mean?
LIAM: When we saw
him, he intimated--
When he spoke to me?
When he spoke to me.
MATT: When he
spoke to you, yeah.
LIAM: He intimated
he was aware of our connection.
And unless Essek is taking
some sort of precautions,
he is not hidden the way we are.
And we might still
not be finished with
my old family.
SAM: What does that mean?
Like he's going to Eiselcross?
LAURA: Do we need to send a
message to Essek and let him
know?
LIAM: Yes, we do need to send
a message to Essek. Yeah.
MARISHA: I mean, to be fair,
Essek has done a lot to
try and seclude himself
from all of this, based
on what he's done.
He has taken some
measures of defense
by hiding in Eiselcross.
LIAM: Correct. And if he is
still, still with his people,
then he's not alone.
But we don't know where he is.
TRAVIS: We are most definitely
not done with your family.
LIAM: And they were able to
walk into your mother's house,
looking like somebody else.
They could be there now, waiting
for us to walk in the door.
So when we approach him, it
needs to be carefully and,
yes, we should talk to
him before we arrive.
LAURA: Should I send
him a message now?
TRAVIS: Well, hold on.
I want to get back
to Veth's question
because there's
strategy for days.
Many evolutions of
this, but we are leaving
and going back to Eiselcross and
it's going to be dangerous
and there will be inherent risk.
You know, all of
this, of course,
but--
SAM: Yeah, of course, but
I know what we're doing.
And I want to be there
with you all to do it.
But if we're just
wandering around,
you know, forgive me, but
I don't want to do that.
LIAM: Well, we are not wandering
around. MARISHA: Yeah, I don't
think that's at all the plan.
LIAM: Hopefully bringing our
complicated ally on board
and we are going to lie
in wait for our enemy,
slash friend and deal with him.
LAURA: We know that their plan
is to bring that
section of Aeor back.
So if we can stop them from
doing that at the source,
amazing.
If we can't, we
have to follow them.
We have to go to the city
to try to stop them there.
LIAM: Or the city
is coming to us
and we have a whole
new set of problems,
but either way, it
needs to be dealt with.
And no one else is dealing
with it except for us.
TRAVIS: I'm just
going to say it.
Are we at all
entertaining working
with Master Ikithon and
the Cerberus Assembly?
TALIESIN: I am.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I know.
LAURA: I mean, they
would be as strong.
TRAVIS: We have those
devices, that'll help,
but it's going to be the
fucking fight of our lives.
Even with Essek.
We could,
could reach out.
MARISHA: Where did you leave it
off with him, with your old
master?
LIAM: He's trying
to reestablish.
I hate the very idea of
spending any time with him.
MARISHA: Maybe we'll get lucky.
He'll be killed in the fight.
TRAVIS: Astrid,
Eadwulf might join.
We have suspicions about where
their true loyalties lie.
LIAM: Yeah, he's the one I'm
having a hard time predicting
because he does not
typically put his neck out.
MARISHA: Yeah, he doesn't really
seem like a frontline fighter.
TALIESIN: This is a big deal.
LIAM: Astrid and Eadwulf,
as difficult as that seems,
would, I mean, who
are we kidding?
We are grossly outmatched.
We were lucky to escape with
our lives the last time.
We are already dealing with
someone entirely compromised
between both nations already.
It's not like we have any kind
of moral superiority
or place of judgment.
TALIESIN: Well, I think,
honestly, you got a bit.
I think you're willing to lean
into a little bit of
moral superiority.
Give yourself that.
But--
TRAVIS: What about a question?
See what he says from afar.
TALIESIN: Maybe from much
further once we're somewhere
cold.
LIAM: Yeah, it has merits.
It has drawbacks.
I mean, I tried to
talk to his pupils.
Everything is
potentially on the line.
Any normal person
or rational person,
why wouldn't they want to help,
if they had the courage
and the ability?
LAURA: Maybe we don't
appeal to his moral code.
Maybe we appeal to
his desire for power.
LIAM: And control.
If the city comes,
yeah, control has gone.
Possibly survival is gone.
We don't know what these
thousands of voices want.
Really.
TRAVIS: He must know
something already.
He followed us for
quite a while, yes?
SAM: He also was
reaching out to you.
LIAM: Yes.
SAM: Much more than ever before.
LIAM: (stammering) I've
been thinking the same thing
and just not wanting
to admit it to myself.
MARISHA: Do you think you could
work alongside your abuser?
TRAVIS: (chuckles
quietly) Fucking shit.
LIAM: For this?
MARISHA: I wouldn't wish it
on anybody, for the record.
But--
LIAM: For a short period
of time, I can manage it.
MARISHA: Do you think--
not trying to be
patronizing or question you,
but you've had elements with
falling into dark places
in moments of stress,
especially in the
middle of battle.
And can't have you
mentally compromised,
really need you on
your A-game out there.
And if you think
that he could potentially drum
up old trauma and old stress,
I don't want to weaken
you by bringing him.
LIAM: Ikithon is not a
temptation I need to worry
about.
TALIESIN: Can I insight?
MATT: Sure.
TALIESIN: 17.
LIAM: Straight on.
MARISHA: I'm not afraid
of you killing him.
LIAM: Neither am I.
ASHLEY: But is there
a possibility, though,
that we would get out there
and he would be
tempted by all of that?
Then we would also have
to fight him, as well.
MARISHA: But I think we can
use that to our advantage.
The more that we know
people's motives and desires,
the more we can play on that.
We're going in with the
advantage of knowing more
than anybody, including
Ikithon, including--
including Essek,
from the discussions
that we've had.
No one knows more than us and
the Tomb Takers, at this point.
TRAVIS: And numbers are good.
We need the numbers-- we have
them already, we need more.
SAM: But also, you've
always wanted to go back
and reshape your past with him
and you can't, you know?
There's no going back.
So this might be the
closest thing that you get
to change something
about how he views you
or how you view him.
LIAM: We can change something.
SAM: You won't-- if
we survive all this,
you won't be able to move
forward without that.
Without sort of buttoning
up that part of your life.
LIAM: Let's deal with
the problem on the table.
SAM: Can maybe do both.
LIAM: Maybe.
We have a bullet
list of importance.
One thing is required,
one thing is a bonus.
MARISHA: To your point, let's
reach out to Essek, and who
knows?
Maybe Ikithon will make
this decision easy for us.
LIAM: Maybe we start
with Essek now,
warn him of the complications.
Get there,
see if we still
take a gut check,
see if we're still
on the same page,
and then reach out to them.
LAURA: So I should ask Essek--
so I should say to Essek--
what should I say to Essek?
LIAM: He may be
under scrutiny now.
We are looking to
smooth those ruffles out
and potentially collaborate.
TRAVIS: With--
LAURA: With Essek?
TRAVIS and LIAM:
With the other side.
LAURA: Oh, okay.
TRAVIS: And we'll be returning
soon, but I think he knows that.
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: It's-- you
have very few words.
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: It'd be helpful
to know where he is, as well.
LAURA: Essek?
LIAM: Yes.
LAURA: Well, I imagine
Essek is probably still
where we left him.
LIAM: Well, probably,
but let's not assume.
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: God, you're a pro.
I love watching you work.
(laughter)
Rawr.
Push ups and my pecs, my
nips are just buck wild.
LAURA: Okay, okay.
This is good.
Can you, for every word,
like, flex your pec?
Okay. Yeah, that's
how I'll count.
MARISHA: I always
wanted to do that.
LAURA: Okay.
Oh no, I lost everything--
TRAVIS: I know! They
shake you up, don't they?
TALIESIN: I knew it! Ah!
TRAVIS: Earth shaking!
MATT: Let's be fair,
we were all hypnotized,
I mean, let's-- we can be real.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: The rising sun.
LAURA: Okay, everything I
want to say has a lot of extra
words and I don't
know what-- okay.
MARISHA: Dad bod be damned.
LAURA: You may be
under scrutiny!
SAM: Why are you so angry?
(laughter)
Does tone translate
on these things?
TRAVIS: (confused, scared noise)
ASHLEY: It's like, "Why is she
so mad at me?"
TALIESIN: That's her Shatner.
LAURA: Ickythong could know
about our involvement
with you.
He could be coming!
Maybe you can help, though.
Where are you now?
MATT: I like to imagine he
dropped his coffee, as soon as
that hit him.
TRAVIS: (splashing) Ah!
MATT: Just (startled noise).
ASHLEY: You are under scrutiny!
(laughter)
MATT: The response
comes rapidly.
MARISHA: Volume. Down.
LIAM: He's like (electric
razor buzzing). Ah!
MATT: "This is
challenging tidings.
"Then I can not stay here long.
"I am at the Outpost.
"If you still need my help,
"we should leave soon.
"Soon."
And that's all you get.
LAURA: He's super nervous.
He did not like that message.
He wants to leave, like, stat.
We should probably
like bamf in there
because he's going to run.
I think he's going to bolt.
SAM: He's that scared of Trent?
LAURA: He's super scared.
Which is kind of
scary, if Essek,
I don't know, like,
how powerful he is.
I thought it's pretty powerful.
He floats everywhere, you know?
But if Ikithon is like way
more powerful than him, ooh.
TRAVIS: Well, that and a
bunch of Volstruckers heading
to an outpost in the
middle of nowhere
where Essek might
be the top dog.
Not great for him.
LAURA: That's also true.
LIAM: Let's go.
So I can get us to the Outpost.
I have a-- hold on.
TALIESIN: Are you sure?
LIAM: He rustles through his
bags and pulls out a little
piece
of stone wrapped in parchment
with a little twine on it.
This is from there.
This will increase our chances,
there is room for error.
TALIESIN: Is there anything
that we can do to help?
LIAM: Massage is nice.
I like tea.
LAURA: Do we-- wait,
wait before we go.
Hey, do we have
mercury, phosphorus,
powdered diamond, and opal?
LIAM: I have phosphorus.
LAURA: Okay.
MARISHA: I bought some diamonds.
LAURA: We've got diamonds.
MARISHA: They're tiny.
LAURA: Do you have opals here?
You probably have opals
here, this seems like a place
that would have opals.
TALIESIN: That's
presumptuous. No.
LAURA: There's like-- look
at how shiny everything is.
You probably got opals
under the ground.
TALIESIN: No, we just cleaned.
LIAM: What are you thinking?
LAURA: Well, that's how
I-- the spell I want to do
that would you lay like
a good trap, you know?
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: It's really powerful.
It needs opal and mercury
and phosphorus and
diamonds powder.
LIAM: Maybe Essek has some?
SAM: Weren't we just
shopping yesterday?
LAURA: I know. I--
can we time jump?
(laughter)
MATT: Unfortunately, you
jump through time that often
and it begins to really
destabilize the continuum, so.
LAURA: Okay, okay, okay.
TALIESIN: There should be a
chronomancy spell where you can
hop back to the last
time you went shopping.
ASHLEY: And go get that one
thing. TALIESIN: Doctor Who
the--
Once this is over, I'm going to
go back. LIAM: I'm working on
it, okay?!
MATT: Yep.
The 8th-level Bill and
Ted preparation spell.
TRAVIS: Uh-huh.
LAURA: Yes!
TALIESIN: I'm glad
you're on the same page.
LIAM: Well, it sounds
like there's no opal here.
TRAVIS: Nope.
TALIESIN: I don't think so.
LIAM: Maybe Essek has some,
maybe they have some
at that outpost.
LAURA: I mean, we
do have residuum.
SAM: Yeah.
LAURA: So that can take the
place of opal and mercury.
MATT: Mm-hm.
LIAM: There you go.
LAURA: We just need a lot of
diamond dust to make up for it.
MARISHA: We've got
those, like, what was it?
150? 300? 150?
It was 150 gold worth
of tiny diamonds?
LAURA: This thing takes a
thousand gold's worth of stuff,
but it doesn't say like,
you know, the portion.
So it could be like a tiny
little amount of everything.
And then like a 999
gold of diamonds.
TALIESIN: Hold on.
(yelling) Calliope, you up?!
Are you up?!
MARISHA: She is now.
LAURA: Calliope, we're naked!
TALIESIN: (yelling)
Calliope, are you up?!
MATT: You hear something
get thrown out of the front
of the actual temple
and ping, ping, ping.
TALIESIN: (yelling) Are you up?!
MATT: "What?!"
TALIESIN: I can keep
yelling or you can come out.
MATT: She stomps out.
"What?"
TALIESIN: Well, we're
in a bit of a pickle
and we were-- I was wondering
if you had any components
lying around, gems.
I know that
occasionally you dabble,
if there's any-- anything
that I can borrow?
MATT: "And what kind of
gems are you looking for?"
TRAVIS: Give us your 1,000 gold.
TALIESIN: Opal, opal--
LAURA: Opal, diamond
dust, phosphorus, mercury.
TALIESIN: Things like that.
MATT: "You all may be a
little rich for my blood,
"but I may have an opal
or two, I can check."
TALIESIN: That'd be amazing.
MATT: "You can get
dressed when you like to--
"if you want to
talk in the house."
TALIESIN: She's messing
with us, it's fine.
MATT: She walks into the house.
TALIESIN: I'm going to
go collect some stuff.
I'll be right back.
MATT: Which spell is this
you're going to be looking for?
LAURA: This is for Symbol.
MATT: Symbol.
SAM: ♪ (hi-hat sizzling) ♪
TALIESIN: ♪ (drumset fill) ♪
ASHLEY: ♪ (drumset fill) ♪
MATT: Short time after,
you do convene with Calliope.
And she has two opals
worth about 100 gold each.
SAM: Hey.
LAURA: Oh, great.
MATT: They were part
of a piece of armor
that she had
designed for herself.
And so she's like,
"I take it what you're doing
is pretty important, right?"
TALIESIN: It's very important.
MATT: And she gets
one of her tools
and bends the metal
back to relieve--
And you look at them,
the opals have been
carved through a little
bit in the center
to go ahead and give
them a place to slide
onto the armor decoratively,
and so she removes them.
They might've been worth more
before she had done that,
but roughly, it comes
about a 100 gold each
of worth as they currently sit.
TALIESIN: Just as an apology,
I know you can go back to
town and get some more.
I'm just going to give
her like 350 gold.
MATT: She takes it.
"A fair trade."
TALIESIN: I'm really sorry.
MATT: "It's fine.
"I can probably do a better
job the second round anyway."
LAURA: Or are you putting that
in your inventory, or--?
TALIESIN: No, you put in yours,
I'm just-- I'm paying
out of my pocket.
MATT: The rest of the
Clay family begins to
gather, those that were there,
as you all start getting
your things ready
and as they all
collect across from all of you,
Cornelius looks over and says,
"Well, I...
"it's not often we get
friends in this area.
"So, it's nice to have
some friendly faces over.
"From what your mother tells me,
"you have quite a
bit ahead of you.
"So may the Wild Mother
go with all of you."
Looks over to Constance,
who looks at everyone
quietly for a minute
and, you know, Caduceus
definitely has that,
that warm look that just
reads your soul at times,
that very intense,
not challenging,
but just exposed
sensation that this person
can see through
any fronts you put.
You see where he gets it from,
as his mother makes eye
contact with each of you.
And it's-- it's a very
raw and emotional look
of-- without words-- saying,
"Take care of yourself."
As she looks across
all of you and nods,
the family looks at each other
and they all just step forward
and give this giant embrace
around Caduceus,
just all of them
putting their arms around,
just one big family huddle.
Once they pull back,
your mother takes a
necklace off of her neck
and you see it's this
beautiful gold woven cord.
And at the bottom of it,
there is a sculpted icon
of the Wild Mother,
this beautiful wreath.
And you can see, it's
polished and it's fired,
but it was once,
you recognize it,
the material from the
base of the pond here,
made of itself in clay
and she places it
around your neck.
"That way, a little part
of us goes with you, too.
"A little part of home."
TALIESIN: That's all I want.
Thank you, Mom.
MATT: (as Constance)
"When you all come back,
"let us know in advance
"and we can cook a proper meal.
"We'll send for some
of the good southern
"vegetables that are
harder to get up here."
TALIESIN: We'll show you
our house also next time.
It's really nice.
MATT: They all nod, wide-eyed
and you can see Clarabelle,
"Is that the one with
the tree on top?"
TALIESIN: No, no.
There's another one.
MATT: "You have two houses?"
TALIESIN: It's pretty crazy.
MATT: She looks at
her mom and dad like,
(as Cornelius) "When you're
older, it's a long ways away."
TALIESIN: It'll be there.
MATT: "Well.
"Good luck."
They all hold hands and
wait to see you off.
SAM: I'm going to go up to
Constance and just ask her:
If-- if your son
doesn't come back or
if you don't hear from
him again for a while,
can you take this and send it?
There's instructions on it.
Can you send it to my
son and to my family?
MATT: "Where would
we find them?"
SAM: I wrote-- I wrote
down where they are.
It's-- it's a dive
bar in Zadash.
MATT: She places it
into a little side pouch
that she has, with other
squishy bits of moss.
She clasps her
hands around yours
and she is, like
her son, very tall.
So she kneels down
and very low to get
to your eye level and cups
her hands around yours.
"Of course."
SAM: Thank you, and I'll try to
take care of your son for you.
MATT: "Please do."
And she pulls you in and
whispers in your ear.
"What you're doing
"is the definition of bravery.
"A mother would give
anything to protect her son.
"I don't have that strength,
"but you do."
She pulls back.
SAM: I'll try to
live up to that.
Thank you.
MATT: So?
LIAM: One more time,
are you sure?
SAM: No,
but I'm going to do it anyway.
That's what we're
all doing, right?
Are you all sure?
TRAVIS: Yes.
SAM: Well, you're
the only one, then.
TALIESIN: No, I'm with you. No.
LAURA: I'm sure I want to go.
LIAM: Gather in close, please.
I promise to do everything
in my power to get you back
to Yeza and Luc.
And I have that little
bit of stonework
from the Outpost and I
take Veth by the hand
and clasp our hands together
and the stone is held
between our hands.
Veth the Brave, let's
you and I do our best
to keep all these
families together.
And I mutter a word
and we're gone.
LAURA: Dang, I wish you
would've taken us with them.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: Wait!
TRAVIS: How many can you
carry with your wings?
ASHLEY: I can probably
get us to Eiselcross.
MATT: That familiar
sensation of being pulled,
plucked from the point
in space where you were,
and suddenly thrown
through invisible doors
to a space in the distance.
And with that, we'll
take our break.
We'll be back here in a few
minutes to pick it up from here.
(dramatic music)
Dwarvenite
the most precious substance
among dwarven smiths,
able to absorb the very
spirit of the craftsman.
Thus infused, it becomes
nearly indestructible,
able to forge heirlooms that
will last for generations.
(ax smashes)
Pure dwarvenite.
Now you can get your hands
on this legendary substance
with the new Dungeon of Doom,
available now at
DwarvenForge.com.
(light music)
(typewriter clicks)
(music continues)
LAURA: Hey, Critters,
Laura Bailey here.
Let's see what's up in
the Critical Role shop.
Oh, my gosh, it's so amazing.
The cuteness, it's overpowering.
It's so cute, I can't handle it.
Oh, goody, you can look
just like my brother.
I mean, the Traveler always
says impulse purchases
are a good decision.
So click on over to
the Critical Role shop.
Don't worry, there's a few
more minutes in the break.
You still got time.
(birds chirp)
I'm a fan of hot
air balloon rides
above the Venetian countryside.
I'm a fan of Momlan.
She's always got my back.
I'm a fan of wine
older that Taliesin.
I'm a fan of Twitch
subscriptions.
I'm a fan of emotes
by our Squeef.
They're neat.
I'm a fan of a wife so cool
people forget I exist. (echoes)
(ominous music)
(dramatic sound effects)
(heart beats)
(baby cries)
I'm a fan of wearing
your skin as a mask.
(light music)
MATT: And welcome back.
(laughter)
Last we left off--
was before break, so
we're back from it.
Hey guys.
MARISHA: Hi.
LAURA: (laughing) Hi.
LIAM: Oh hi.
MATT: As you are plucked
from the Blooming Grove,
I need you to go ahead and roll.
SAM: Oh boy.
MATT: See where your feet fall.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: We're fine,
we're fine, we're fine,
the campaign's over.
ASHLEY: I don't want to leave
this beautiful place.
SAM: Can you do--
MARISHA: I know.
SAM: Can you do fate--
what is it called,
Fate/stay night, what is it?
TRAVIS: Fate/stay night?
SAM: Fate's Favor.
LIAM: Name some more anime.
More anime, Boys B,
come on, KO Beast.
TRAVIS: Wolf's Rain, Big O.
SAM: Can you kamikaze yourself?
Death Note.
LIAM: Okay, so it's--
Oh, that's okay I
had it upside down.
65.
MATT: 65.
SAM: Butterflies.
TRAVIS: I think it might be.
LIAM: Yeah, it was
in the 60s, yeah.
LAURA: No, I thought
it was in the 30s.
LIAM: We're seeing if we fuse
with a slab of stone right now.
TRAVIS: But butterflies.
MARISHA: Is it butterflies?
MATT: What, the--?
MARISHA: What happened?
MATT: 65, you said?
SAM and LIAM: Yes.
SAM: Did he just roll?
LAURA: He did.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: No, he put his--
MATT: I put my phone down.
SAM: Oh, okay.
LIAM: Likely story.
MATT: As you're suddenly
pulled from the grove,
there is a momentary push
like someone's pushing
you from behind,
or pulling you
from your sternum,
you're not sure where
it's coming from.
And in a flash, an abrupt
sensation hits you all at once.
Cold.
(wind blowing)
SAM: (quietly) That's good.
MATT: No snow, but
a very cold breeze.
Looking around you,
it is a cloudy day,
but...
you have arrived without issue.
LAURA: Oh.
SAM: Oh.
MARISHA: Oh my god.
MATT: It seems to Eiselcross,
because you had that
object.
Because that would have been
a very different scenario.
LIAM: (high-pitched voice)
Don't forget to grab a rock.
TRAVIS: What would it
have been, I need to know!
MARISHA: -- the
alternate timeline!
MATT: Well, no, you don't know.
Well, the good-- you didn't--
you're not on-target,
I'll put you that,
because as you guys land
and look around you,
you do not see the
Outpost anywhere.
LIAM: Okay, well north, north
is that way so we know that.
SAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: I can do a thing.
MATT: You can just see--
LAURA: Do a thing!
MATT: -- open, white
snow and ice around you.
LAURA: What are you going to do?
TALIESIN: I cast Find the Path.
LIAM: Yeah.
SAM: It's the only time
this spell is good.
MARISHA: It's 100% true.
MATT: It's come in
handy a couple times.
Search For Grog it did.
LAURA: Oh yeah.
MARISHA: Oh, that's true.
ASHLEY: Oh, that's right.
MATT: Twice.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: So as soon as we
can find some sort of landmark
we'll know where we are,
but in the meantime, I
know the cardinal direction
to where we're going,
which is that way.
It's that way.
LAURA: Okay, let's
head that direction.
TALIESIN: So there could
be a mountain in the way.
LAURA: We'll find
out soon enough.
LIAM: Well, hold on a minute.
If we know where the Outpost
is because it's that way,
and we know where north
is because of Keen Mind.
MATT: Yes.
LIAM: So we should know if
we are east of the Outpost
or west of the Outpost or--
judging by the direction.
MATT: You are southwest
from the Outpost.
LIAM: Okay.
LAURA: So no mountain in
the way. SAM: Is that near
one of the other
numbers by any chance?
TRAVIS: No.
Aeor--
SAM: The "A"s?
TRAVIS: Aeor, A2, and we're down
here, which is also where the
lava river is.
SAM: There's no "A5"
or "A?" where we are?
TRAVIS: All east, far, far east.
SAM: Do we have to cross
the lava thing again?
TRAVIS: We might be on
the other side of it.
ASHLEY: Oh, good grief.
TRAVIS: Southwest could be--
LIAM: Yeah, we could
be, that's correct.
LAURA: We could fly over it.
TALIESIN: I burned what I got.
SAM: We could fly over it.
MATT: Yeah, this is considered
an "off-target" result.
LIAM: Better than--
LAURA: In the middle
of a mountain.
MATT: Better than a lot of
possibilities there, so.
TRAVIS: In the lava.
MATT: Take it where
you can get it.
SAM: Oh, but Laura
wanted to go back in time
and take that rock
away from Liam.
She did that last
night before we left.
MATT: Gotcha,
gotcha, okay, cool.
LAURA: I switched it
with another rock.
TRAVIS: (as Jester) How stupid
to bring a rock in his coat.
LIAM: Why does this
stone have a smiley face?
Is this a pet rock?!
No!
MATT: Well, first off, can
I have a marching order?
LAURA: Oh, well, you should lead
because, you know.
TALIESIN: I'll go first.
MATT: All right,
Caduceus at the front.
TRAVIS: I'll join
Caduceus up there.
MATT: All right, Caduceus
and Fjord in the front.
ASHLEY: I'll go next.
MATT: All righty, anybody
else along with Yasha?
LIAM: Squishy wizard
in the middle.
SAM: I'll go on the end.
TRAVIS: Jester.
LAURA: Well, I know, I
was trying to separate
the clerics.
MATT: It's an open space.
You guys can be in any
organization you want to be.
LAURA: I'll go right next to
Yasha.
I'll be behind Fjord.
MARISHA: I'll bring
up the rear with Veth.
MATT: All righty, squishy
wizard in the middle indeed.
You've got it.
Okay.
With the direction you're given,
you are now heading in
a northeastern direction
and after you get yourself
adjusted you could see
there's a mountain
range to the east
of where you currently are.
A number of miles off
you can just see it.
You can't quite tell
the full distance,
but you're directing in
a northeastern direction.
TALIESIN: There's no lava river
that we can see between us
and the mountain?
MATT: Make a perception check.
TALIESIN: That's
pretty good, 29.
MATT: You do not see
any sign of a lava river
between you and that
mountain range at the moment.
LIAM: If there's a mountain
range to our east--
TALIESIN: Right.
LIAM: -- we are probably
on the right side of the
lava river, probably.
TALIESIN: Yes, that
would be my guess.
MARISHA: Yeah, would
we know that a little?
Like, would I remember that?
MATT: Well, you have a map.
MARISHA: Or we can
just look at the map.
TALIESIN: I kind
of remember that.
LIAM: I've been looking at it.
TRAVIS: That's the
Happy Fun Ball.
LAURA: Don't throw that!
TRAVIS: It's
somewhere around here.
LIAM: There's nowhere really
that is southwest of the
Outpost--
LAURA: I like to
think Fjord's just--
LIAM: -- that would have
mountain range to the east
except for one or two
places and they're both
on the good side
of the lava river.
LAURA: We discuss as we
continue walking forward.
MATT: Of course.
Well, as you figure out the--
TRAVIS: Nope.
MARISHA: ♪ Too many maps ♪
LAURA and MARISHA:
♪ Too many maps ♪
TRAVIS: There it is.
There's a lot.
Come on, you fuckin' bitch!
MATT: Love watching Travis
battle over there. ASHLEY: ♪
Mapmaker mapmaker ♪
♪ Make me a map ♪
LAURA: I don't think that's it.
TALIESIN: Oh, actually
I do know how far it is
when I cast the spell.
I know how far it is.
MATT: You do?
TRAVIS: You do?
TALIESIN: I do.
TRAVIS: And after I get
the map out, you bastard.
TALIESIN: Wasn't going to say
it before you had the map up.
MARISHA: Testing the map.
TALIESIN: Yep, that's a map.
MATT: "How far it is and what
direction it lies," all right.
Let me do some
math here because--
SAM: Ashley, help him.
TALIESIN: Ish, I mean,
you can give me an ish.
ASHLEY: I can help you,
I got fingers to count.
TALIESIN: You can tell
me in, like, day's travel
if we didn't have to
go over a mountain.
TRAVIS: There are eight maps.
MATT: I will say it's about...
at your current location,
between two and
three days' travel.
LAURA and LIAM: (shocked gasp)
TALIESIN: Between two
and three days' travel.
LAURA: That is so much
farther than what I thought.
TRAVIS: Oh yeah, we're down by
Allowak's Sanctuary.
LIAM: Oh, we're deep southwest.
MARISHA: Oh no.
LIAM: We could be by
the Allowak's Sanctuary.
TRAVIS: Yep.
LIAM: Oh, wow.
SAM: Is that where the yetis
are? LIAM: That's a steep
southwest, yeah.
SAM: Should we get them
to-- should we ride them?
LIAM: No.
TALIESIN: Should we--
SAM: Could we ride on yetis?
TRAVIS: We need to be
doing that flying shit.
TALIESIN: We should we need
to be doing that flying shit.
MARISHA: How many days were we--
we were still in
under a week, right?
We're on day five or
something like that?
MATT: Roughly
around there, yeah.
TALIESIN: But better faster
than shorter.
MARISHA: For sure.
TRAVIS: Time to grind.
LAURA: We should fly.
LIAM: Yeah, shoot.
TALIESIN: How far away are we
from the mountains right now?
MATT: You're probably...
10 or so miles away, maybe.
TALIESIN: So I say we--
This is my plan, if
anyone's interested.
We could get to the mountains
and then fly through
the mountains.
We just walk to the mountains.
That's half an hour, ish, 45--
there's snow, this is slow.
But then we can try and fly
maybe through the mountains.
LAURA: Why don't we just
fly to the mountains
and through
the mountains?
TALIESIN: Well, how
long can we fly for?
MATT: You would, actually,
with your perception check,
you do not see-- I
should've clarified.
You do not see the river
of lava between you guys
and the mountain
range to the east.
As you've had this conversation,
you look and you can
see it to your west.
TALIESIN: So we are on
the other side of it.
MATT: You are on the
eastern side of it.
LAURA: That's good.
We can fly for an hour.
TALIESIN: So I would say we
wait till we're at the base.
That way we get as far
through the mountains
as possible.
LAURA: Okay, okay.
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: We're southwest of the--
am I forgetting
where the Outpost is?
I thought it was where
Aeor is on the map, right?
TRAVIS: If Aeor's right
there then we're right here.
On the eastern
side of the river.
LIAM: So not by Allowak's.
TRAVIS: No.
MATT: You didn't move that far.
TRAVIS: Huh? MATT: You did
not move that far away.
Knowing the distance
you have there
the location of the topography
as you figure it out,
you can kind of triangulate.
LAURA: So if we flew up
and over the mountains,
that would cut down
the time by a lot.
LIAM: That's three days' travel?
MATT: It would cut down,
but you can only fly
for an hour at a time.
LAURA: Right.
MATT: So it does help.
LIAM: It'll help, but it's
not going to erase it or--
MATT: Yeah, depending how
many slots you burn doing it,
you know, it'll maybe cut
off a day, day and a half
depending on how you do it, so.
TRAVIS: We'll take it.
TALIESIN: I'd say once we
hit the mountains and see
if we can carve
straight through them
as opposed to walking around.
TRAVIS: Plus when you
were talking to Lucien,
didn't you say he had
to double his efforts?
MARISHA: Yeah,
but it seemed like
maybe they found what
they were looking for
and were making their way.
ALL: ♪ Making their way. ♪
TRAVIS: Quickly?
MARISHA and TRAVIS: Yeah.
TALIESIN: He strikes me as
the sort of person to tell
the truth in a way of--
TRAVIS: Let's fly!
TALIESIN: -- that you can't
tell. LAURA: Okay, well, I can
fly--
MARISHA: 100%.
LAURA: We got to
figure this out again.
Because I can only fly--
turn two people into
animals for an hour
and then from then on,
it's only me and Caleb
that can turn into
flying creatures.
TRAVIS: I can fly
as well for an hour.
LAURA: Oh, yeah?
SAM: Yasha can fly.
LAURA: Only for like--
ASHLEY: I can fly for--
SAM: Ten minutes?
ASHLEY: -- a minute.
SAM: Oh, one minute.
ASHLEY: One minute.
SAM: Okay.
LAURA: So not as long as
an hour. ASHLEY: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Nope, I can only
fly for 10 minutes, I lied.
TALIESIN: So I'd say that
the biggest people, maybe?
LAURA: Can we Polymorph
into a white dragon?
(laughter)
LAURA: Probably not, huh?
You can only Polymorph up to
a certain challenge rating?
MATT: Up to a certain
challenge rating, yep.
TRAVIS: Should we just
mimic what we did before?
SAM: Yeah.
MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Let's do it.
LIAM: Ja.
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: Even if we
only do it once,
it is still better than nothing.
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: What did we do before?
ASHLEY: I think I was a--
LIAM: Well, eagles is faster.
LAURA: Eagles are faster, yeah.
MATT: Yeah, it can
be any beast is the--
LAURA: Any beast, got it, okay.
TRAVIS: Who are the eagles?
LIAM: Well, Yasha, I think
makes sense to be an eagle.
TRAVIS: And Caleb and Jester?
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Okay, so.
LAURA: Once we get to the
base of the mountains,
we'll do that and
then we'll fly.
MARISHA: And then we split
up Caduceus on one person,
Veth paired with somebody.
LAURA: Yeah.
MARISHA: So.
MATT: Okay, so you're
going to travel on foot
to the mountain range
and then transform,
or transforming now?
LAURA: On foot to
the mountain range.
LIAM: Yeah, that's a good idea.
LAURA: And then transform
at the mountains.
MATT: Okay, got it.
Well, I need somebody to go
ahead and roll a d20 for me.
SAM: Whose turn was it?
LIAM: Why don't we start
fresh with Fjord-y?
TALIESIN: Boulder,
paper, shears?
ASHLEY: I'm not doing it again.
SAM: Boulder, parchment, shears.
MARISHA: Yeah, we
might've left off at you.
ASHLEY: We might have.
MARISHA: Yeah.
SAM: Wait,
I think we should all play
boulder, parchment, shears.
LAURA: Okay, okay, okay, okay.
MARISHA: Oh, like
eliminate together.
SAM: This is going to work.
ASHLEY: It's fine. We'll make it
work.
MATT: On three.
SAM: Ready?
LAURA: We'll figure it out.
MARISHA: Okay.
ASHLEY: This is
not going to work.
TALIESIN: There's
only one scissor!
There's only one shears.
LAURA: So he wins,
okay, you roll.
MARISHA: You win!
LIAM: That's how it works.
TALIESIN: Yep.
MARISHA: Shears
beats all. (laughs)
TALIESIN: Shears beats all.
MATT: Checks out.
(laughter)
LIAM: Okay, I'll roll the
meteorite die to crush us.
Where'd you hide?
A three.
MATT: A three.
LAURA: Oh no.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Oh yes, oh no.
LAURA: Remember the
eight is the dragon.
ASHLEY: Eight was dragon?
LIAM: Dang it.
MATT: What was once a
somewhat gray, broken blue sky
begins to grow
darker with clouds.
MARISHA: No!
MATT: And the weather begins
to grow harsher and harsher.
You bundle yourselves. Becoming
accustomed to less colder
areas, and the return to
Eiselcross has been jarring.
So as you bundle up
and trudge through
the ever-growing pressure
of the snow and wind,
eventually you do make it
to the base of the mountain.
Flight is going to be a little
hard, but it can be done.
LAURA: Fuck.
TALIESIN: To fly or not to fly?
LAURA: We have to,
we have no other way
to get up and over these
mountains. Otherwise we have to
go
around them now.
TRAVIS: What's the flying speed?
LAURA and LIAM: 80 feet.
TRAVIS: So if it's
halved it's 40?
LAURA and LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Because of the
wind, and most of our speeds
are 30 to 40 on foot.
LIAM: Well, you have to go as
fast as your slowest person.
TRAVIS: That's true.
TALIESIN: Was the wind
coming from the mountains
or towards the mountains?
MATT: Make a nature check,
or survival, your choice.
TALIESIN: 13.
MATT: 13, it is heading
towards the mountains
and in a-- it's
somewhat helpful,
though it's going more
eastern than northeast.
So it might--
TALIESIN: It'll jostle us,
but we're not going
to be fighting it.
MATT: Exactly.
LAURA: Okay. TALIESIN: So
it won't halve our speed,
but we will have to
be really careful.
LAURA: Okay.
ASHLEY: Okay.
LAURA: So I'll
Polymorph me and Yasha
LIAM: I'll take care of myself.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: Okay.
TALIESIN: I'm going
to use a little rope
just to make something extra
to hang on to, if that's okay.
Since it's windy.
LAURA: That makes sense.
TALIESIN: Bit of a bridle.
LIAM: Okay.
LAURA: We should make you with--
LIAM: Caduceus with-- well.
LAURA: Caduceus with Yasha.
LIAM: Because of
the strength, ja?
MARISHA: Because
the strength, yeah.
MATT: Just keeping
this situated here.
So who is riding on--
we'll say this is Caduceus.
LIAM: Jester, why
don't you take Fjord.
MATT: Or Yasha, sorry.
LAURA: And you take Beau and
Veth. LIAM: Those two together--
Yeah, yeah, that make sense.
equals the weight of one
of the other party members.
MARISHA: That's true.
MATT: Who are you taking?
LAURA: Fjord.
MATT: Fjord, all righty.
TALIESIN: And then
where are you, Beau?
MARISHA: I'm riding
on Caleb with Veth.
TALIESIN: Gotcha.
MATT: Got it.
TALIESIN: And then
you're on, okay.
MATT: Okay. TALIESIN:
We're splitting up the--
LAURA: The clerics.
That's-- yeah.
LIAM: Eee!
MATT: So whoever the flyers are,
if I can have you go
ahead and roll either
an athletics or acrobatics check
for whatever form you're taking.
TRAVIS: You are flyer, not a
faller. TALIESIN: Guidance.
MARISHA: I put on my goggles
by the way.
LIAM: Athletics or which?
MATT: Acrobatics, which would
be either a strength bonus
or a dex bonus,
that's your choice
based on the form you took.
LIAM: They're the same,
so I'm going strength.
Terrible.
LAURA: Oh, yeah.
TALIESIN: Strength or dex.
LAURA: 22.
LIAM: Eight.
ASHLEY: 31.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: Wait.
This is giant eagle stuff?
MATT: Yeah.
LAURA: Oh.
ASHLEY: So do I not use my--?
MATT: No, you use the
form of the eagle.
LIAM: Plus three only.
TALIESIN: Okay, oh,
plus three only?
Okay, so.
LAURA: Right, right, 21.
ASHLEY: 25.
MATT: Which is still
two very high rolls
versus one lower,
which between this
minute skill challenge
puts you in the positive.
So you do begin to trudge
through the heavy wind
and the snow, and as
you begin to pick up,
the challenge comes in not
being pushed into the side
of the mountain as the wind
is taking you that way.
You begin to adjust
and use the blasts
and the gusts to your
favor, having it carry you
higher and quicker,
until eventually you begin
to coast over some of the
highest parts of this edge
of the mountain range.
What you can see through the
casting of snow and white
are all the peaks of gray
rock and ice beneath.
You continue on for quite a
bit until you begin to feel
the spell begin to
reach its conclusion.
LAURA: Looking for a
safe place to land.
Looking for a safe
place to land.
MATT: I need the three of
you, anybody on your back
who would like to make
a perception check
using your creature's form.
So roll and add your
wisdom, though I believe
if it's large eagle, right?
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: Then those have a
perception advantage, right?
For sight?
LIAM: With sight.
MATT: Correct, so
go ahead and make--
though it's just a single roll
because it would be
with disadvantage
because of the storm.
LAURA: Okay, so I take
the first roll, then.
LIAM: Natural 20.
TRAVIS: Yeah!
ASHLEY: What are we
adding to it again?
MATT: Whatever your wisdom is.
LAURA: Four.
Your perception is a plus four.
MARISHA: Is that the same die?
LIAM: This shit is legit.
LAURA: So 15 for me.
MARISHA: Damn.
MATT: All right.
MARISHA: Damn!
SAM: Broken. Burn it.
LIAM: Shut up!
SAM: Burn it, it's a witch.
ASHLEY: 19.
LIAM: Go to hell.
MATT: Okay.
Peering through the storm,
looking into the forms below,
you can just barely make out
a shelf of ice-covered stone
that's the closest safe
spot to stop nearby
and it's on the opposite
side of a mountain peak
to where it may block the
wind from blowing you.
So you head your
way down toward it
and then land in the soft
snow trying to find footing.
It does slip a bit.
The ice beneath is really
hard to get a hold on,
but the wind is cut
off at this angle
and you find a
safe spot to stop.
MARISHA: Good work.
LAURA: Hi.
MARISHA: Not bad.
TALIESIN: Yeah, we may be
stuck here for a little while,
but at least everybody
else will be stuck too, so.
LAURA: Did anybody see the Tomb
Takers while we were flying?
Did anybody see them?
SAM: Oh, I wasn't
looking for them.
MARISHA: Oh, I didn't.
TALIESIN: I wasn't looking.
MARISHA: That would've been
a good idea. LAURA: Okay.
SAM: Shoot, sorry.
LAURA: No, no, no it's fine.
I would've looked, but
it was really windy
and it was, like,
burning my eyeballs
SAM: Yeah, there were some
weird storms whipping around.
LAURA: Next time we fly,
we should look for them.
SAM: Okay, okay.
LIAM: So are we going
for another round
or are we calling it a day?
LAURA: We need to go
for another round.
LIAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: Do we
need a short rest?
Does a short rest help?
LAURA: No.
LIAM: No, I'm just
doing this for flavor.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Fair.
LAURA: Okay, but it's
only going to be me
and Caleb flying now.
SAM: We can still do it, right?
LAURA: Yeah, but we'll move
a little bit slower, I think.
MARISHA: Are we
through the mountains?
Did we make it
MATT: No, you're in the middle
of the mountains right now.
MARISHA: In the middle
of the mountains.
LAURA: So it'll be harder,
but we can do it.
LIAM: Yeah, so you carry
Caduceus and I will carry Yasha.
and then what is left is
Fjord again with you,
and you two with me,
and that is about even.
MARISHA: Does it look pretty
rocky and rough ahead of us
through these mountains?
MATT: Yeah, the mountains
are pretty nasty.
LAURA: Yeah, I'll take Yasha,
you take Caduceus.
LIAM: Okay, okay.
LAURA: Just in casies.
LIAM: Okay.
MATT: It looks like a lot
of the mountains here--
there are some softer edges,
but a lot of them are
these pointed peaks
where ice has built up over time
and has caused these
spire-like points.
It leads to some
interesting valleys,
which can be be taken
for a shelter if need be
in a crutch moment,
but you would not
want to fall upon
some of these mountains spires.
So you're both transforming?
LAURA: Mm-hmm.
LIAM: Ja.
LAURA: Let me see.
Wait, hold on.
I can't remember.
Polymorph is concentration.
MATT: Yes, it is.
LAURA: You're guiding somebody.
You're going to guide him.
Okay.
ASHLEY: I'm on Jester.
MATT: Okay.
ASHLEY: And Caduceus is on the--
Caleb.
LAURA: I'm carrying
Yasha and Fjord.
LIAM: And Caduceus,
I'm going to carry you,
and ladies, please,
I think you should ride on top.
LAURA: Which one of you wants
to ride like this in my claws
and which one of you
wants to ride on my wings?
ASHLEY: I'll take claws.
TRAVIS: All right.
LAURA: I can carry you
like you're on a chair.
I can carry you by your arms.
I can carry you like, you know,
like you're flying
sideways like this.
What seems most comfortable?
ASHLEY: Maybe like a chair.
LAURA: Okay, I'll do this.
ASHLEY: Yeah, like a
little thing and then I'll
swing my legs.
LIAM: Ski lift?
ASHLEY: Yeah, like a ski lift.
TRAVIS: She can fly by herself.
LAURA: For, like, a minute.
TRAVIS: No, I know.
ASHLEY: Yeah, but if there's
an emergency, you know, I can.
LAURA: Yeah, if I start to
fall, bamf your wings out
and you know, don't die.
ASHLEY: So I feel like
you might be safer to--
Well, you can also--
TRAVIS: Fly.
ASHLEY: Okay, we're fine.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: All right.
So this is the arrangement
we're going with?
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: Mm-hmm.
MATT: You got it.
Picking back up once more,
(wings flapping)
and you crest the moment
where wind hits you
and you have to take
a moment to adjust.
I'd like to have the two eagles
once again roll for me, please.
TALIESIN: Add a d4.
MATT: Athletics or
acrobatics, your choice.
TRAVIS: Add a d4!
MATT: Strength or dex.
LIAM: 19, I rolled.
TALIESIN: Did you add the d4?
LIAM: Do I get a d4?
TALIESIN: You get a d4.
LIAM: I do, too?
LAURA: I rolled 15.
LIAM: Oh boy!
MATT: 15. Okay. You both
manage to maintain your course
in the face of this
strong, strong storm.
It's blowing you further east
if you can keep going forward
that might be to your
advantage. Might be.
MARISHA: Does this
storm sound Italian?
MATT: Make a perception check.
LIAM: It's-a me!
MARISHA: Natural
two, so you know.
MATT: It sounds a little
more, I want to say Austrian.
MARISHA: Sound of Music.
MATT and TRAVIS: (garbled Arnold
Schwarzenegger impressions)
LIAM: You are von Trapp-ed!
SAM: I'm blowing, I'm blowing.
TRAVIS: I hate all of
these white things.
MATT: It's a voice over disease,
doing an Arnold impression.
ASHLEY: Get to the Outpost.
(laughter)
SAM: I am the Herr Carl Rogen.
MATT: Okay, okay.
TRAVIS: He's not a Tomb Taker.
(laughter)
LIAM: Oh no!
SAM: Not at all.
MARISHA: That was pretty good.
LIAM: Oh no!
ASHLEY: Get to the eagles.
(laughter)
MATT: You motherfucker.
Okay.
LIAM: These are my
eagles, Whiskey and Lulu.
MATT: It is tougher for
you to go at full speed
carrying this number of folk.
It doesn't slow you down--
It doesn't slow you down
to half speed, necessarily,
but you aren't quite getting
quite the full breadth
of this, but you push on, you
push on through the storm.
By the time the second
hour fades you find,
or begin to look for,
another safe place to land.
You're still above
the mountain range.
LIAM: Straight roll perception?
SAM: I'm going to look
around for the Tomb Takers,
because we were told to look.
MARISHA: Oh, that's a good idea.
TRAVIS: I do the same thing.
MARISHA: I help Veth.
ASHLEY: Yes, I'm going to
help look for Tomb Takers.
MATT: Okay, well then go
ahead and make a single roll
because it would be
disadvantage otherwise.
LIAM: I rolled shitty.
SAM: 12.
MATT: All right, no Tomb Takers.
LIAM: Seven.
LAURA: 19.
MATT: 19, you lose
sight of a safe place.
It's too much snow,
it's too much wind.
It's too much storm.
You, however, manage to peek
over and you see there is
this large mountain that,
as opposed to coming
to a singular peak, comes
to two smaller peaks
at different angles, and
in that little tiny valley,
it looks like
there's a safe space
where it's shielded
from a lot of the storm.
With that, you eventually
find yourself, land there
right in time for
the magic to drop,
and you safely come to a moment
of rest, catch your breath,
and feel safe from the
freezing elements of the snow.
If you have more
spell slots to use,
you can give it another shot.
LAURA: I got another
one, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We should keep going
try to get there
as fast as possible, right?
LIAM: Ja, as
much as we can--
LAURA: What if we
use up all our spells
and then stupid
Trent shows up again
and then we have no
spells to fight him again?
MATT: That's never happened.
LIAM: Don't worry, I have
not been thinking about that
the entire time we
were in the air.
MATT: All right.
SAM: They both blew up.
(laughter)
SAM: Oh god!
ASHLEY: No!
LIAM: Fade to feathers.
MATT: Magic in Aeor can
be real dangerous, man.
MARISHA: Holy shit.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Guess we're walking.
TALIESIN: Oh boy,
guess we're falling.
LIAM: Who's got climbing gear?
MATT: So yeah.
TRAVIS: Pitons.
Same arrangement?
LIAM and LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: All right, going up
into the storm once more
with these crew, go ahead
and make another roll.
TALIESIN: With a d4.
LIAM: Okay, 15.
LAURA: 17.
MATT: 17, okay, you--
LAURA: Oh, yeah, 17.
LIAM: Oh schei e.
Thank you!
LAURA: I don't get a d4.
He's giving him Guidance.
LIAM: 18.
LAURA: I can't give myself that.
TALIESIN: Thank
you, 18's better.
MATT: Braving the
strength of the storm,
you guys are keeping
it up pretty well.
As exhausted as your
bodies have become
even within, the strain of
the spell and the strain
of pushing is weighing
on you. You might be
a little sore in the morning,
but the majority of this
creature's body that
you're currently inhabiting
that you've magically crafted
is managing to keep itself
pretty solid on the path
you're trying to go.
LAURA: My eagle looks like
it's got some really
toned shoulders.
MATT: There you go.
You're doing a lot of P90X,
like pterodactyls backing
out of trouble, yeah.
LIAM: Oh, no, flashbacks.
MARISHA: Wow.
TRAVIS: Pause if you need to.
MATT: You push on for
another hour or so
and the spells begin to fade.
You're not through the
mountain range entirely,
but you begin to
see the edge of it.
At the very edge,
the storm itself is starting
to subside a little bit.
It's not as strong as it
was when you first pushed
into the sky,
but you do not think
this spell's duration
will carry you to the final
length of traversing this plain.
SAM: We could ski down the rest.
LIAM: Well, I mean,
I can do it again.
LAURA: We've done
it three times now?
LIAM: Yes.
LAURA: I mean, yeah,
I could do it again.
We're wasting higher
spell slots at this point.
LIAM: Yes, this is correct.
LAURA: We got to look for--
MATT: Well, you got to land
first. LAURA: We got to land.
LIAM: Ja, oh, are you
sure? (screeching)
MATT: Go ahead and roll
perception checks for me,
please.
LIAM: Oh, not advantage
because it's storm.
LAURA: 20.
LIAM: And their bonus is--
Oh, and we get the d4
on this too, right?
TALIESIN: I've basically
been pumping it into you
at this point, so.
MATT: Pardon me.
TALIESIN: Yeah, you're welcome.
LIAM: Thank you, 15.
TALIESIN: You got the d4.
LAURA: I got a real good visual.
TALIESIN: I'm hoping for it.
MATT: Nobody wants to
be pumped full of d4s.
That's a terrible idea.
LIAM: Oh, yeah.
SAM: They're real sharp.
TALIESIN: They're very
sharp, they have a point.
MARISHA: (groans)
MATT: You do catch one safe spot
similar to the first
shelf that you came upon,
but it's smaller and slimmer,
which means it's going
to be a little bit
of a precarious landing.
Thankfully, it's just
two of you trying
to find the space there for
the point of the landing.
If you could both make
dexterity saving throws
for me using the dex
of your bird forms.
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: To see if you
can stick the landing.
LAURA: Bird dex.
LIAM: Natural 20!
TRAVIS: Wow, that's
three in the past--
MARISHA: That's pretty good.
LAURA: 21.
SAM: Burn it.
MARISHA: Same die?
LIAM: It's the dunamancy die.
MATT: Apparently.
SAM: Destroy it.
LIAM: It is, sparkly, space.
MATT: It must be destroyed.
Cast it into the fire!
TRAVIS: What movie's that from?
LIAM: Campaign one was gold.
MATT: Constantine.
LIAM: Now it is physics.
MATT: You both manage
to skid into it, scrape,
and catch yourself to the
very edge before going over
right as the spell
vanishes from beneath you
and all of your friendly
payload fall into the snow
and ice next to you.
It is at a slight angle.
There's an uncomfortable
moment where you feel yourself
gives just a bit,
that slight decline
makes you worried that
there's a chance to slip off
and fall, but you feel
pretty comfortable
where you landed.
LIAM: Okay, now.
MARISHA: How you guys doing?
LAURA: Kind of tired.
MARISHA: Yeah?
TRAVIS: Oh, us, too.
I feel like we're
really grinding.
LAURA: You're getting a
lot of wind in your face,
I wouldn't be
surprised if you are--
MARISHA: A little chapped.
TRAVIS: We look down,
and in the terrible--
try and see anybody
walking, making their way.
TRAVIS and MATT:
♪ Making our way ♪
LIAM: Down below.
TRAVIS: Yeah. (laughs)
LIAM: ♪ Down below ♪
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: ♪ Six feet under ♪
LIAM, MARISHA, and
LAURA: ♪ Down below ♪
TRAVIS: 19.
MATT: 19?
LIAM: I want to see it.
MATT: With disadvantage
because of the storm.
MARISHA: Fuck.
LIAM: Come back, theater,
come back. TRAVIS: Aww, 16.
MATT: 16.
Looking around, you
do not see any sign
of anything beyond
snow, ice, and stone.
Yeah. That's all you got.
TALIESIN: I could
get a personal mount.
I could burn my strongest, my--
SAM: What?
TALIESIN: Yeah, you heard me.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: You know, I
could get a personal--
TALIESIN: If you need one less
person, I could summon--
MARISHA: Taliesin, or--
TALIESIN: -- flying creature.
LAURA: No, that's not it.
MATT: We're getting to
that point in the night.
LAURA: It's just a matter of
whether or not we want to burn,
you know, 5th-level spells to do
this. TALIESIN: It would be
everything we've got.
LAURA: Yeah, we've got, so.
I mean.
It's probably more important
to try to get there right now,
right? Burn through it?
LIAM: Ja.
But after this--
LAURA: This is the last one?
LIAM: I really want to--
No, I mean, tomorrow,
and tomorrow--
Uh-oh. (laughs)
I want to try to be conservative
with our abilities.
LAURA: Yeah.
LIAM: For many reasons.
LIAM: But right now,
we are stuck up a
tree, or a mountain, so
we'll go again.
LAURA: We'll go again.
LIAM: Ja.
Caduceus, hang on to
your butt! (whooshing)
TALIESIN: Wow.
LAURA: Here,
Fjord, get on my back
before I turn into an eagle,
it'll be fun.
Okay.
TALIESIN: Throw
another spell into you.
LAURA: (hand rubbing)
LIAM: (eagle squawk)
LAURA: (poofing)
TRAVIS: It blows my arms back--
MATT: I was about to say, yeah,
make a strength saving throw.
TRAVIS: (pained yell)
(laughter)
Just a (squelching).
TRAVIS: Ugh, oh! Six.
LAURA: Oh no!
MATT: Six?
SAM: Dislocated.
MATT: It doesn't
dislocate your arms,
but you do get pushed
back off of her,
hit the snow, and
begin to slide.
TRAVIS: (panicked yell) LAURA:
Oh no! I grab you. (laughs)
MATT: Between the two of
you, you catch him before
he slides off the
edge and tumbles
hundreds of feet into
the ravine below.
LIAM: Could have
had a Willow moment.
(laughter)
MATT: But with that, you
pick up for a third bit.
The storm is not as
strong as it was,
but it's still strong enough.
I need you both-- the
DC is a little lower,
but go ahead and both
roll either with your
strength or dex bonus.
LAURA: Natural 20!
LIAM: Oh, thank god!
MATT: What's your total?
LIAM: Six.
MATT: Okay, the
natural 20 does help,
it's considered two
successes versus one failure,
so you're real
lucky you got that.
LIAM: ♪ That's
fuckin' teamwork! ♪
MATT: So, you can watch
as Caleb is starting to
have a hard time keeping pace
and you come up from behind
and give a tail wind,
like bluff the side of him,
and help block the
wind from hitting him.
And with that, you begin
to make your way down--
LAURA: ♪ Makin' your way ♪
MATT: Wow.
SAM: If you had said it
was snowing, I might say,
"Flakin' its way," but--
MATT: Oh no, it's evolving.
(laughter)
You eventually begin to push
through the worst of the storm,
and you begin to see the
mountain range below subside,
leading into a somewhat
familiar valley
of broken ice, stone--
LAURA: Oh, we're already there!
Yeah, that was great.
MATT: --and right as the
spell begins to reach its end,
as you begin to descend
rapidly to catch the ground
at the very base of
the mountain range,
which is now to your south,
you glance out ahead,
and you can see
the clouds are now
passing further east
to where there's a little
bit of a break ahead
where your vision
is a little better,
and you can see now
at this distance,
a different perspective
but the same view,
of the massive,
odd, sunken valley
that houses the Ruins of Aeor.
LIAM: All ice spires?
MATT: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Do we get a
cooler view of it?
Does anything catch our eye now
that we can see it from above?
LIAM: Like an aerial view?
MATT: Make a perception check.
TALIESIN: I'll join on that one.
LIAM: Yes.
TALIESIN: Nope.
LAURA: Nope, like 12.
TALIESIN: 13.
LIAM: Dammit, Bobby.
MATT: Not any real
additional detail,
but it is definitely--
LAURA: What about, is
the storm less now,
do I get advantage on my
perception for this one?
MATT: No.
SAM: Do we get a sense for
how far we are? Could--
TALIESIN: I drop Find the
Path to do that d4 thing,
I had to drop Find the
Path, it was worth it.
LIAM: Well done, yeah.
MATT: So as you all come land
at the base of the mountains,
forms dropped,
you gather, probably,
it's another day's travel or so,
or a little less
than a day's travel
before you get to the Outpost.
So you did make some
good time with that.
SAM: Should we-- LIAM: So what
time of day, I'm sorry, go
ahead.
SAM: No, I was just going
to say, should we just
continue on through the
night? And get there?
TALIESIN: Let's see what the
weather-- can you do the house?
LAURA: No, because we don't want
to go into all of this
exhausted.
SAM: Well, we'll get there
a day earlier, though.
TALIESIN: We can take a--
well, if we're only a day away,
then it hardly
matters, I suppose.
Let's see how it goes.
LAURA: What does the
Wild Mother tell you?
Does she tell you
we should sleep?
TALIESIN: The Wild Mother says
that when it gets dark and cold,
you should sleep, and then when
it warms up and gets light,
you should move.
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: I did not
know that, hmm.
LAURA: Let's keep moving
until it's dark and cold.
TALIESIN: Nature is
its own language.
LAURA: Yeah?
LIAM: Is that code for '"go to
the end of the day and rest"?
LAURA: Yeah, that's--
TALIESIN: Yeah.
LIAM: Good, because I
am also worried about,
you know, we were talking
about negotiating, perhaps,
but there is a chance
they will just drop on us.
TRAVIS: Yep.
LIAM: And we are--
you and I are fucked up.
TRAVIS: And actually with
that, I'll summon the sword
and cast See Invisibility
because we haven't done that
once
since we've been
wearing these necklaces.
MATT: Mm-hm.
All right, make a
perception check for me.
LAURA: Oh gosh, what if they're
just still scrying on us?
TRAVIS: Natural 20.
(cheering)
MATT: Damn!
Getting that shit.
TRAVIS: 23.
MATT: So as the sword apparates
out of your hand, Fjord,
and as you bring it ahead of
you, the energy glows off,
and you watch as the
blade begins to glow,
and this energy from
behind Fjord's eyes
begins to glow with it.
And with that, your sight
clicks into the spectrum
beyond what is normally
capable of mortals.
Glancing about, you
get a very keen view,
and no sign of any
sort of drifting,
invisible arcane orbs,
viewing portals, nothing.
TRAVIS: Money well spent.
We are clear.
TALIESIN: Billboards.
TALIESIN: I assume
there's advertising.
MATT: There's a blimp,
but I figured that
wasn't pertinent to this.
MARISHA: #NotSponsored.
TALIESIN: (laughs)
MATT: Not an ad.
So, what's the plan?
LIAM: Just to trudge until
it is too dark to feel safe,
and then we will plunk down,
so a little bit further.
MATT: A little
bit further, yeah.
With the travel
to the mountains,
the travel then to
the range there,
and you guys left the grove
a little bit before noon,
so you're getting
pretty close to dusk.
You probably have another
hour, or under an hour
of light before you hit night.
And the days here are probably
a little shorter, anyway.
So you continue to push.
And push for this final hour.
As the light begins to go,
so does the temperature.
While it is not a raging
storm, thankfully,
there is still a cutting
breeze that blows through.
There is no snowfall, there
doesn't appear to be moisture,
enough moisture in
the air to exhibit
any sort of storm front,
but it's enough to remind you
just how desolate and biting
this landscape is.
As the final bits of
light begin to vanish
into the blue-purple
twilight horizon,
the choice is yours to continue
or bed down for the eve.
SAM: I make one more
vote to keep going.
TRAVIS: I second it.
ASHLEY: I third it,
but I also know--
TALIESIN: What
happens if something--
what happens if we
run into anything?
LAURA: Well, it could--
SAM: What happens if
something attacks us here?
TALIESIN: We'll be inside
a house, so nothing.
We either choose to be safe,
no matter what, or we--
LAURA: I say we go waste
another spell slot,
we go for another
hour, as far as we can,
and then we do the tower.
LIAM: We cannot do the tower.
We would do the dome.
Because I teleported us here.
TRAVIS: Yeah, no, that's
okay, dome's good.
TALIESIN: That's fair.
TRAVIS: No eyes,
no scrying, so--
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Unless they just
happen upon us in the middle of
fucking Eiselcross, we should
be all right in the dome.
LIAM: We should
be all right.
SAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: I feel like
it's your comfortability.
ASHLEY: Yeah.
SAM: Dome it up, then.
LIAM: Yeah, let's dome
it up or fly it up--
LAURA: One more hour.
One more hour of flying.
And then dome it up.
LIAM: Okay. Yeah, it's
risk, but it's a small risk,
let's do it.
LAURA: Okay. One
more hour of flying.
MATT: One more hour
of flying? Okay.
TALIESIN: The owls, or--?
LAURA: I mean, owls are
not as strong as eagles,
so I think we should
still be eagles.
TALIESIN: Will you be
able to see in the dark?
LIAM: Yeah, that's a trade off.
LAURA: Oh, that's true.
TALIESIN: Unless there's some--
LIAM: Keen hearing and sight,
the owl has advantage
on perception checks
that rely on hearing or sight,
so we could listen hard.
MATT: It's hard to
listen at a distance.
Listen is more for proximity.
LIAM: Okay. And it's
still storming, right?
Is it like-- (imitates wind)
MATT: There's wind
blowing, yeah.
It's not a storm, per se,
but there is a
biting wind blowing.
LIAM: Then it cancels
out, then we might as well
just stick with eagle.
LAURA: Yeah?
TRAVIS: Call it?
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: Owls don't
have dark vision?
That's weird, since
they're night creatures.
LIAM: They do.
TALIESIN: Owls have dark vision.
LIAM: Dark vision, 120 feet.
LAURA: Then we should do owls.
LIAM: They don't fly
as fast. Yeah. Sure.
MATT: Your call. Owls or eagles?
LIAM: Let's do
owls, let's do owls.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: Okay. Owl
and eagles appear.
So owls.
LIAM: Yeah.
MATT: What's the strength
value on the owl?
LIAM: It is 13, plus 1.
MATT: Versus the
eagle, which was--?
LIAM: One moment, please.
LAURA: 16?
Would it be stupid,
is that dumb?
LIAM: 16.
LAURA: That's a big difference.
Would we not be able to carry--
MATT: You're going to be
moving a little bit slower.
LIAM: We've done it before, so
we would know from the past.
MATT: Correct. So if
you want to go owls,
you're probably going to
go a little bit slower
with this group
you're holding onto,
just because you only move as
fast as the slowest of you.
But you will be able
to see in the dark
and have stealth
bonuses when you travel.
LAURA: That seems smart, yeah.
LIAM: At this point, yeah.
LAURA: That's smarter.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: We also
already said it, so--
MATT: But just
wanted to make sure
you made the informed decision,
because you would know.
LIAM: Have you met us before?
(laughter)
MATT: Got to have hope, man.
With that, quietly
the two owls take off.
The wind blowing helps cover
any sound that may come
from the already super quiet
wings of these two owls.
I will need need you both
to make stealth
checks for me, please.
LAURA: Stealth checks?
LIAM: Stealth checks.
With the owls.
TRAVIS: Owls have advantage
because their feathers don't
make sound when they fly,
according to the--
LAURA: So we get advantage?
TRAVIS: National
Geographic, Matt.
MATT: No, on the stat block,
does it give you a
bonus to stealth, or--?
LIAM: Not that I'm aware of.
LAURA: No, it's just a plus 9.
LIAM: No, and I
rolled total balls.
LAURA: I rolled
pretty ballsy, too.
But I got 13 total.
MATT: 13, okay, and--?
LIAM: 4 total.
LAURA: Wait, no,
that's not possible!
We have a plus nine
to stealth bonus
as an owl.
LIAM: As an owl?
LAURA: As an owl. LIAM: Where
does it say that on the--
I didn't see it on--
LAURA: Giant Owl.
Skills: Stealth plus
nine, perception plus 10.
TRAVIS: Owl's feathers don't
make a sound when they fly.
LIAM: Oh, there it is.
Plus four to stealth.
MATT: Yeah, it's plus four.
LIAM: Okay.
LAURA: Wait, what?
Giant Owl.
LIAM: I'm looking at it.
LAURA: Skills: stealth plus
nine, perception plus 10.
SAM: What'chu looking at?
LAURA: It says 'Giant
Owl. Large beast.'
LIAM: I'm not looking
at D&D Beyond,
I'm looking at a
secondary thing.
MATT: I'm looking at D&D Beyond,
and it says "perception plus
five, stealth plus four."
LAURA: I'm looking at
a Ranger's Companion.
I'm looking at a Giant
Owl Beast Companion.
MATT: Oh, gotcha, gotcha.
LAURA: Which is weird
that it's different
than just being a regular owl.
LIAM: And you bless us?
TALIESIN: In theory, I've
been pumping it into you,
so you should get
a d4 from that.
LIAM: Let's keep doing it.
TALIESIN: I'm going to keep
pumping.
SAM: Pumping it into them.
LIAM: Seven for me.
Totally changes everything.
SAM: On your personal mount.
LAURA: I mean, I
don't know if it's
a lot different than
everything else,
but that sucks.
So I only rolled an eight, if
it's only a plus four. LIAM: I
rolled a two on the 20, plus
four is six.
MATT: Okay, got it.
TRAVIS: Numbers.
MATT: You guys-- the
wind does not prevent you
from cleaving through
the air without issue.
Quietly, you assume, you
traverse through the sky
in the direction that you recall
will lead you closest to
the Outpost in the morrow.
Nothing seems to pay
mind in the darkness.
Nothing blocks your path.
Nothing catches your
attention, sound nor sight.
An hour passes, you've
made some progress.
But you find yourself
having to land soon,
amongst the darkness below.
I'd like you to both
make perception checks.
You do have dark vision, which
means you do not have to--
LIAM: There's no disadvantage.
MATT: Exactly, but
you do have advantage
because of keen
hearing and sight,
so you both have advantage
on the perception check.
LAURA: That's good. MATT:
So add the wisdom modifier--
or perception,
which is plus five.
LIAM: So much better.
21, plus that d4.
TALIESIN: Plus that d4.
LAURA: That's great.
MATT: That's where the
owls really come in handy.
LIAM: 28!
LAURA: 16.
MATT: 16, that's still--
28's pretty slick.
LIAM: Hoo hoo hoo.
MATT: You do see, as
you begin to come down,
you were a little bit off track,
but you're towards the outer
southwestern to south edge
of the Aeorian caldera,
where the valley
begins to sink a bit.
And you see one
shelf of broken rock
that has been pushed up,
and you can-- now on this side,
which you haven't seen up close,
you can see where there is
almost smaller mountains
and hills that are pushed
up around an impact.
Something-- the city,
likely-- when it crashed,
pushed up a lot of
surrounding stone and rock
in the vicinity.
You can see there's almost
a smaller mountain ridge
along the edge.
And you can see there's
probably, likely,
some spaces there to sleep,
to keep somewhat hidden
from the open plain around,
as well as from the
elements, if needed.
So with that, before the
spell comes to a conclusion,
you find a spot.
LIAM: Okay, so we can
put the dome up in one of
these divots in the earth.
I'm exhausted.
I'm going to set about doing it,
unless anyone has anything else?
TALIESIN: No, I think
that's a good plan.
I'm going to help pack some
snow on top of it once it's up.
LIAM: Okay, 10 minutes later,
a white dome goes (foomph).
MATT: Cool.
TALIESIN: I'm going to
snowman the heck out of it.
LAURA: I have a technical
question. MATT: Yes?
LAURA: When we're
turning into creatures,
should it be the
Wildshape creature,
or we should choose the mount,
because apparently all
the stats are different
depending on which
one you choose.
Because I just went
with Wildshape.
LIAM: Treat it like
an enemy beast.
MATT: Just do a search
for "giant owl."
LAURA: Yeah, but
you have to choose
what you want to add it in,
which category.
And there's Beast Companion,
Familiar, Infusion,
Psychic, Wildshape, Mount, Pet.
SAM: Mount, probably?
MATT: I just go under Monsters
and search for "giant owl."
LIAM: That's what
I've always done.
LAURA: Oh.
MATT: I'm not sure.
LIAM: Treat it like a rando.
MATT: But I'm curious as to
what that set up is there,
because that sounds
kind of cool.
LAURA: Okay, I'll
show you later.
MATT: No worries.
I love the picture of
him, too. He's just like,
"No. Not right now."
LAURA: I know, he's so cute.
MATT: I love barn owls.
TRAVIS: How many
licks does it take--
LAURA: That's the David
Bowie owl right there.
MATT: Oh yeah,
Labyrinth is strong.
TRAVIS: One, two, three--
MATT: All righty, so.
MARISHA: Such a dick, Mr. Owl.
MATT: You gather up and
rest for the evening.
Much warmer in the
entirety of this dome
than it has been on
the journey here,
and it is a welcome
shift in pace.
But you rest for the night.
Is there anything you want
to do for the evening?
We'll go ahead and
cut to the morning.
LIAM: I just have one question,
because when I examined
that, when we got the collar
working together in
the Plane of Fire,
it was under duress
and exhaustion.
So I know that we powered it,
but I don't know if I
understand how it works.
Do I need to fiddle with
it more to ascertain
how to operate it, or have
I already figured that out
with all of my--
MATT: I think
you've figured it out with
the tinkering you've done.
It is currently
functional and powered.
It would need to be
affixed to somebody,
which would likely involve
a successful grapple.
LIAM: Right, manually.
MATT: Correct. It would
be a contested grapple.
And then once affixed,
it functions.
LIAM: Okay.
TALIESIN: Couple of
questions before we bed down:
Do you think we're going to
need Find a Path again tomorrow
or should I put it away?
LIAM: Kind of depends
on the weather.
TALIESIN: I'll
keep it out, then.
There's other things
I'd like to have.
And do we want to talk to
Trent tonight or tomorrow?
LAURA: I have
messages I can send.
MARISHA: Feel like we need to
get to Essek first, personally.
TALIESIN: Yeah, that's
a very good point.
LAURA: Should I send
a message to Essek?
LIAM: He might not be
willing to cooperate at all.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
LIAM: So.
TALIESIN: Best we defer.
LIAM: Yeah, you can let
him know that we're close.
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: Be there tomorrow.
So we're like less
than a day away.
We'll be there pretty soon.
How are you holding up?
Don't freak out.
Are you preparing for
our big battle, though?
Woo!
ASHLEY: (laughs)
MATT: "I have
increased the guard.
"Awaiting for your arrival.
"We have a lot to discuss.
"But the sight of
you will be welcome.
"Hurry, and be safe."
LAURA: He's doing okay.
LIAM: Okay, good.
MARISHA: Okay.
TALIESIN: All right, then.
TRAVIS: Do you want to ask
Vandran which jungle he's in?
LAURA: You want me to?
I'm going to send a message
to Vandran. TRAVIS: (stutters)
MATT: Okay.
TALIESIN: Too late!
Thought you were being cute.
TRAVIS: I did!
That's what I get.
Stick your finger
in a mouse trap,
you get fucking snapped.
(laughter)
LAURA: Hi!
TRAVIS: Oh g-- (laughs)
LAURA: Me again.
What jungle are you in?
I'm with Fjord,
he's just wondering.
He...misses you?
Am I allowed to say that?
He's--
I don't know if I was
supposed to say that.
SAM: "He misses you."
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Is it a verbal
message or a mental one?
LAURA: I don't know.
TRAVIS: Okay.
MATT: I think you
speak it out loud.
LAURA: Oh that, yeah, I
definitely speak it out.
TRAVIS: I was
asking in my terror.
TALIESIN: Actually,
that's a good question.
MATT: It starts with a chuckle.
"Not entirely sure who this is,
"but I'm comfortable enough.
"Somewhere near Bisaft."
LAURA: Near Bisaft?
MATT: "Not even really sure."
SAM: It's in the ocean
somewhere, right?
ASHLEY: Near the where?
MATT: And that's it. LIAM: Yeah,
I remember it from the past,
but I can't remember why.
LAURA: Near Bisaft, he
says he's near Bisaft.
TRAVIS: Shut up
and plan your game!
LAURA: Okay, okay, okay!
MARISHA: I'm pretty--
SAM: I thought it
was in the ocean?
ASHLEY: Near the staff?
LAURA: Bisaft.
SAM: Bisaft. B-I-S-A-F-T.
We've passed through
there or something.
LAURA: Did we?
SAM: I remember seeing
it somewhere on a map.
MARISHA: Yeah, it's out there.
SAM: Bisaft.
LAURA: He seemed unsure
where he is, Fjord.
SAM: Where is it? Where is it?
LAURA: Where is it, Fjord?
TRAVIS: Sure.
Sure.
LAURA: Where is it?
TRAVIS: It's the nearest island
to where our ship exploded.
Where we went down.
MARISHA: Huh.
TRAVIS: Maybe.
(blows raspberry)
Right, should have
thought to look there.
Would have been the first
logical place to look.
Where would you swim
if you survived?
SAM: Has he been stranded
there this whole time?
TRAVIS: (exhales)
SAM: Well, no, he got a book.
I mean, he's been
to civilization.
TRAVIS: Or are there other
people on the island.
I don't know, I'll
unpack that later.
TALIESIN: I mean, we went to
sea with a copy of Tusk Love,
maybe everybody does.
SAM: That's true.
It's what you do.
TRAVIS: Unless it was on the
ship and it was on the wreckage
and washed up on the--
LAURA: That would be why he
would read a book like that
instead of, you
know, I don't know,
maybe he likes things like that.
TRAVIS: Because
it's all there is?
It's fine, we have things
we are focusing on.
LAURA: Okay.
We have to make it out.
TRAVIS: That's the plan.
MARISHA: We all do.
I know we all said
our goodbyes, but
after watching you
and your family today,
and you,
I don't know.
I'm prepared to die,
but it's not fair to them.
TALIESIN: I'm prepared to do
whatever it takes to save them.
Dying may be involved, but
I'm prepared to do the work.
Preferably not dying.
SAM: Yeah, I'm not
prepared to die.
We've got to do this.
MARISHA: You
definitely can't die.
SAM: Nope!
But hopefully none of us will.
LIAM: If I feel the need
to, I will send just you
back to them.
SAM: You can do that?
LIAM: Of course I can.
SAM: Well, it
won't come to that.
TRAVIS: Look how good we're
doing, we've got this.
LAURA: We've totally got this.
ASHLEY: We're going to be fine.
TRAVIS: We made it back here,
we didn't end up in a mountain,
we've closed the distance
in incredible time.
LAURA: We're doing really good.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
Eyes on the prize.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: Yep.
TALIESIN: Don't use
the E word, but yes.
LAURA: If I do die,
I'm not saying I'm going to,
but if I do--
TRAVIS: Yes.
LAURA: I promise I'll come
back and haunt you guys.
One by one, you'll
get little surprises,
it'll be so much fun.
SAM: That would be cool.
ASHLEY: Do you
have any requests?
TRAVIS: What do you
mean? Last requests?
LIAM: You going to
play us to sleep?
ASHLEY: No, like, is
there anything any of you,
if things go south, is
there anything that--
SAM: You're just assuming
that you'll live.
You'll live and--
ASHLEY: I'm going
to be fine, yeah.
SAM: Yeah, okay.
TRAVIS: Same here, we're just
going to be the executors of
your will.
ASHLEY: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
we'll just basically, yeah.
I mean, you're all
going to be fine.
SAM: Well, someone's going
to have to marry Yeza.
ASHLEY: Well--
SAM: It might have to be you.
ASHLEY: I don't think
that's going to--
SAM: You have to take
care of my child.
TRAVIS: I mean, if you
have any porn lying around
that you want us to get rid of
or a browser history
you want us to clear,
just say it now.
TALIESIN: I have a lot
of eligible siblings,
I'm just going to
put that out there.
SAM: Yep, that's true.
ASHLEY: Definitely delete my
browser history. TALIESIN:
Definitely know my parents are
eager to
get rid of a couple of them.
SAM: But, yeah, I mean, I think
if any of us don't make it,
the others will vow to take
care of their families.
I mean, do you want us
to hunt down Vandran
and tell him how
much you missed him?
Or-- or-- or--
TRAVIS: Yes!
SAM: Or do anything?
TRAVIS: Yes, of course.
I don't think I would have
to tell you that, though.
I think you would do it anyway.
I would look after all
of your next of kin.
I know what you want.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: What do you want?
Yeah, do you want us to draw
dicks for the rest of our lives?
LAURA: Aww, that
would be really sweet!
TRAVIS: (laughs)
SAM: Should we, I mean,
should we follow the Traveler?
LAURA: Oh, no, I don't
think he needs that anymore.
But do keep him some company,
because he's going to be real
bored if I'm, you know,
(clicks).
I would say go visit
my mom, you know.
Throw some chaos into her
life, it's good for her.
SAM: And your dad, too?
LAURA: He might provide enough
chaos now, I don't know.
Ooh! If I'm not
around, and you are,
you really have to make sure
they stay together, okay?
Really Parent Trap them, if
it hasn't already happened.
SAM: Sure.
LAURA: Okay.
SAM: Sure, I'll say
to The Gentleman
that Marion is sick.
How do you-- you can't break
up with a sick person, right?
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: And then I'll tell
Marion that The Gentleman
is too scared to
confess his love to her
and that'll, they'll
stay together.
LAURA: That's perfect.
SAM: Yeah.
LAURA: I think tricking
people into staying together
is always the best possible way.
And then, also, the other
thing I think you should do is,
you, Caleb, if you
survive and I don't.
LIAM: Well, that
will not happen.
LAURA: You have to draw a
dick in every single temple.
LIAM: Temples, specifically?
LAURA: Every single temple
that you come across,
there has to be one
dick you leave behind.
LIAM: Well, I promise I will.
LAURA: Okay.
SAM: And what about
you, Mr. Caleb?
Do you want us-- what
would be the thing
that would make
you happy in death?
Would it be us killing
Trent Ikithon? Or--
LIAM: It couldn't hurt.
I don't have any family
other than you all.
Yeah, make sure that
no more children--
(sighs)
Or bent away from
their purpose in life.
TRAVIS: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Not as much
fun as drawing dicks,
but I'm down for that.
We will do it.
We'll do it.
SAM: Beau, any requests?
MARISHA: Kind of in
the same boat as Caleb.
Yasha.
You all are my family.
Maybe make sure TJ, my
little brother, is okay.
Still think him and Luc
would be good friends.
I do have a request, though.
I don't know what these eyes do.
And I was hoping
that maybe I could
gain some knowledge
on how to use them
to our advantage,
but if last night
told me anything,
it feels like it's just
a device for Molly.
Lucien.
I don't know if I'll
ever stop doing that.
If it goes bad,
and I'm not on your
all's side anymore,
(sighs)
my request is for
you all to live.
One way or another.
If it goes bad, take me out.
LIAM: There's a little puff
of sparkly cloud next to me,
and a white cat
appears and trundles
across the distance of the
dome and crawls into your lap
and does a couple of
circles and scritches.
MARISHA: What do you think?
LIAM: I don't know,
what are the odds
of us waking up changed again?
MARISHA: Pretty strong.
LIAM: Pretty strong.
If what she's talking
about does happen,
if I am out of control,
you will stop the problem.
I'm calling my favor.
If it comes to that,
you will stop me.
Utterly.
TRAVIS: I made you a promise.
LIAM: Get them out.
TRAVIS: It won't come to that.
LIAM: No, we are
the Mighty Nein.
(sighing)
LAURA: Caleb, can you
put pretty visions
on the dome tonight?
MARISHA: Yeah,
that would be nice.
LIAM: Hmm.
Well.
I start a
small fire in the
center of the dome,
which is not concentration.
So a small fire
starts up and globules
start to slowly rotate
around our heads,
very, very slow,
casting shadows that
are constantly moving.
And the fire, using
Control Flames,
begins to take one
shape after another.
And then I just start running
through things that
pop into my head.
We see the crudest form of
Marion and The
Gentleman dancing, and
we see a ship at sea.
We see the fire flatten
out into a plain
and we see two feminine
forms at the center of it,
sitting on the ground together.
We see a little house,
ringed in by a flaming forest.
We see a tall figure
and a very short figure,
walking through a
field of flaming grass.
Eventually, it just
turns to plain, old fire
and the globules dim.
And in the dark, all
you hear is the sound
of purring in the dome.
MATT: One by one, as these
images fade from view,
and the sound of purring
takes the interior
of this safe space,
you all find yourselves
to come to a night of rest.
Eventually,
a dream-filled night
comes to some of you.
To others, a bit
disturbed sleep.
But the morning does come.
And you have a long rest.
TRAVIS: We didn't
even take watches,
in case you fuckers tripped out.
MARISHA: Oh my god, we should
have. ASHLEY: I noticed.
TRAVIS: What the fuck
is wrong with us?
MARISHA: Oh my god.
TRAVIS: We're ready,
we're ready, we're ready.
TALIESIN: We're going to be--
TRAVIS: We're on
our guard. (laughs)
TALIESIN: Are there any
footprints around the--
LIAM: I was wiped out, you guys.
MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: I believe it.
I believe it.
MATT: Make a perception check
outside of the
dome, if you'd like.
TALIESIN: 22.
MATT: 22, pretty good.
Glancing around the space,
other than the footprints
that you left behind--
TALIESIN: Still there.
MATT: -- which are still there,
no additional footprints.
TALIESIN: Cool.
TRAVIS: No new snow?
TALIESIN: No new snow.
One bonus.
ASHLEY: Any weird dreams?
LAURA: Any more eyes?
ASHLEY: You two?
TALIESIN: Eye check.
MARISHA: Ooh, it's cold.
TALIESIN: Yep.
TRAVIS: All the way, all
the way. LIAM: No, it's not.
It's not cold. It's
warm in here; it's nice.
MARISHA: Oh, oh, okay.
SAM: I was just blowing,
I was blowing on you.
(laughter)
MARISHA: You and
your frosty breath.
LAURA: ♪ Naked Beau ♪
♪ Naked Caleb ♪
TRAVIS: Scoop out of the dome.
(explosion)
LIAM: Anything?
ASHLEY: Reach for the sky!
Look at these two
skinny motherfuckers
in the dome.
ASHLEY: Nothing?
MARISHA: Okay.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: 23, do I see any eyes?
MATT: No eyes on either of them.
TALIESIN: No eyes!
MATT: Other than the ones
that are already there.
TALIESIN: No new eyes.
Same old eyes.
Eyes on the prize.
LIAM: Okay.
Early to bed, early to rise.
Let's get to the outpost.
SAM: Are we flying more?
LAURA: We could do
one final flight.
LIAM: We probably-- well,
let's see what the
weather is like.
What's the weather like?
MATT: Well, you'd have to
begin your journey to find out.
Right now, it seems fine.
LIAM: Okay.
MATT: There are still clouds
in the sky, it's
not open, you know,
cold, blue,
sun-reflected morning.
It's still a little gray.
LIAM: Well, I'll tell you
what, why don't we walk
for 20 minutes and see what
the weather feels like?
TRAVIS: I'm down with that.
TALIESIN: That's a great idea.
LIAM: Make a plan from there.
MATT: Gathering your
things, the dome vanishes.
You all side-step the
elements of snow that have
been pushed around,
that Caduceus arranged,
but the dome-top is pretty
clean, so it's not a huge
danger.
And, even so, overnight,
depending on the weather,
it would igloo anyway, so.
Which I did wrong previously,
as the internet has let me know.
(laughter)
MATT: Eh.
You were right, you were right.
That's on me.
But 20 minutes in the journey,
I would like somebody to
roll a d20 for me, please.
LAURA: Oh, we should all--
SAM: Me?
Or are we all going to--
LIAM: I'm going to hang out
of this one, because I was
the big winner last time.
TRAVIS: Ready, and--
SAM: Boulder, parchment, shears.
MARISHA: Okay.
LAURA: Oh, no, wait!
He's the only one
that did paper.
MATT: Travis, you're the
only one that did paper.
Parchment, sorry.
TRAVIS: d20?
MATT: d20.
TRAVIS: 19.
TALIESIN: Aw, no.
MATT: 19.
LIAM: Tarrasque!
TALIESIN: Oh no.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: Give it to me!
LAURA: Oh no. TRAVIS:
Don't look at me like that.
ASHLEY: He's got a face on.
LAURA: No, that's the good one.
19 is good.
TRAVIS: It's fine.
LIAM: I want it.
MATT: The weather is clear.
(cheering)
TRAVIS: Yeah!
MATT: Gray, but without
issue, no storms blowing,
just a gentle journey eastward.
Continuing on this path on foot,
you could go and fly
if you'd like to,
or continue on foot, your call.
LIAM: Well, if we go up, we
could probably get a good look.
LAURA: We could get a good look.
LIAM: And, know exactly where to
go.
LAURA: And we could get there
much faster--
TALIESIN: Save a spell.
LAURA: -- because
it's not windy.
LIAM: Mm-hmm.
TALIESIN: Happy to save a spell.
LAURA: I could do three of
us, we could get even faster,
because we'll be going--
LIAM: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Yeah?
LIAM: Yeah, repeat of yesterday.
LAURA: Okay, let's
do three fliers.
Eagles.
LIAM: (popping sound)
MATT: All righty.
(wings whooshing)
You take off with the troop,
heading eastward, eyes peeled.
I would like the eagles and
perhaps one additional member
of the party to make
perception checks, please.
LIAM: The eagles are coming!
MATT: There is no storm
blocking your vision, so
you do have advantage.
Go ahead and add your
perception roll for the eagles.
If there isn't a--
LAURA: So, we get
advantage on perception?
MATT: You do.
ASHLEY: Ooh!
LAURA: Ooh!
TALIESIN: 26.
LAURA: 23.
MATT: Nice.
LIAM: Er-- uh.
ASHLEY: 22.
ALL: (record scratching)
LIAM: 16.
MATT: All right.
MARISHA: Ow-ah.
MATT: Ow-ah.
ALL: Ow-ah.
MATT: About an hour's
worth of travel in,
you make a good bit of distance.
You, Jester, and you,
Caduceus, can see,
along the ridge of rock
and stone and ice shelves
that mark where
this sinkhole begins
and where the ruins themselves,
at least sealed beneath
the layers of ice
over a millennia at this point,
ride and shift into
the topography,
only in this high point of view
can you really
make out the edges
of where this ruin
sits in this valley.
And both of you can make
out the familiar sight
of that one cluster
of icy spires
that you remember
the outpost is.
You're not near it yet.
You still have a better day's
worth of travel to get there.
But you know the direction
you're going, without error.
TALIESIN: And we can
carve a little bit
of that time out
for the next hour.
That'll help us get there.
LAURA: Yeah.
That'll be good, right?
MATT: Mm-hmm.
TALIESIN: All right.
MATT: So continuing on this
path for the next hour,
you come to a landing
as the spell fades,
and you gather you probably have
another four or five hours
on foot to get there.
MARISHA: Okay.
LIAM: That's not bad.
MARISHA: Not bad at all.
TALIESIN: Fine with that.
LAURA: Did we see
anything, like any other
people walking while
we were flying?
MATT: With your perception
view, you would've.
You would've seen...
Actually.
Yeah.
You would've seen one
small group of what looks
to be four white-cloaked figures
that are doing a journey,
not leaving any footprints
behind, around the outer edge,
heading away from
the outpost, and
intersecting the path
you would be taking.
TALIESIN: Does it look
like they're heading
to where I know the
secret entrance to be?
MATT: It looks like they're
following the perimeter
of the ruin exterior.
TRAVIS: Patrol.
TALIESIN: Just a patrol.
MATT: You get the sense
it's likely one of
the outpost's patrols.
But you land.
Are you taking the rest of
this journey on foot, then?
LIAM: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Yeah?
TALIESIN: I think so.
MATT: Okay.
(sighs) Moving forward.
You're a bit exhausted, but
you eventually make your way
to that familiar
cluster of spires.
Within moments,
you hear, "Halt!"
And you see, coming
out of the nearby snow,
(whooshing)
approximately seven individuals,
armed with all manner
of bows, crossbows,
and even one with, it looks
to be some sort of a rifle.
Like an elongated pistol.
TALIESIN: Ooh!
LAURA: What?
TALIESIN: Oh, that's cool.
SAM: They're Sand People.
LIAM: I hold up my Little
Orphan Annie membership badge
from the Dynasty.
MATT: One of them
puts his bow down,
still holding the
arrow in place,
takes a few steps
forward, gets about
20 feet from you to glance over.
"Ah, we're expecting you."
TALIESIN: I was hoping
he'd say that. MATT: "Come.
"Essek is waiting."
Puts his hand up, everyone
puts their weapons down
at the ready, but they
keep watch out past you,
just remaining keen on
the space to make sure
no one's followed you or
there's any funny business,
as you follow this
one individual
that leads you back into
the center of the outpost.
As you begin to approach, and
you can see this individual
that's guiding you is,
you know, at this moment,
putting on a bit of an air
and a hand up of, no worries.
At that point, a little
bit of bustle continues
between the central pathway.
Of the various spires
here, there's a little
carved road nook
between the center,
where most of these structures
are built to face each other,
so it can, for the
most part, do business
back and forth, unseen by
the majority of the valley.
You are led to the familiar
exterior of Essek's chambers.
And, as you approach, the door
(whooshing) opens on its own.
You step inside and you
can see there, pacing back
and forth, or would be pacing
if he wasn't floating--
gliding back and
forth, Essek turns.
"(relieved sigh)
Friends, please enter.
"I've got it from
here, thank you."
As you all enter, the
door closes behind,
as he curls his
hand towards him.
And, with his other
hand, he drifts out,
a chair scooches forward and
he drifts down into the chair,
one leg crossed over the other.
"I'm glad you've
traveled here safely.
"It is good to see your faces.
"So,
"what is the word?"
LAURA: Are we in the chamber
that had the invisible guards
or are we in his
private chambers?
MATT: No, you are in the chamber
that has the invisible guards.
TRAVIS: I'm going to walk up and
just place a hand on his
shoulder.
It's good to see you as well.
Is his shoulder his?
LAURA: Mm.
MATT: Ah, it is.
LIAM: May we speak freely here?
MARISHA: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
MATT: "Is there something
that should not be shared?"
Any of you speak Undercommon?
MARISHA: Yep.
MATT: You hear Essek say,
"Give me 10 minutes, please."
TRAVIS: Yep-- oh,
right, not to us.
MATT: And you watch
as two perched guards
step out of the shadows nearby,
descend and exit the chamber.
It closes, he waits a moment.
"Now we can speak freely."
LIAM: Well, things are
considerably more complicated
than when we left
you, I'm afraid.
MATT: "This is my
look of surprise.
"Well, please explain
these complications to me."
LIAM: So...
LAURA: Oh!
LIAM: Yes?
LAURA: Oh, we have an extra...
I'm going to pull out
the extra necklace.
Put it on!
This will keep you
from being scryed on.
MATT: His eyes flash in a
familiar way that you've seen
whenever Caleb has looked
over any sort of magical item.
"Huh.
"Wonderful, thank you."
And he goes and places
it over his neck
and tucks it within his mantle.
"I'll get to that in a bit.
"What else?"
LIAM: Now that may be useful
in the days ahead of us.
However,
some damage may
already have been done.
In an effort to hide
ourselves from the prying eyes
of our adversary
here in Eiselcross,
we traveled back to
some of our homeland
and acquired quite a
few of those for us.
We wanted to--
LAURA: (whispered) Can you
look for invisible scrying?
LIAM: -- take
ourselves off the grid.
However, we had
run-ins with my folk.
Ikithon and his protégés.
(sighing)
So we risked much to get these,
but in doing so, there
was a confrontation.
And I am fairly certain,
because of his past
dealings with you,
and my use of things I
have learned with you
and from my own noodling,
that he has put two
and two together and...
I'm sorry, Essek, I think that
he may have got wise to you,
so there is a very real
chance that he has been--
TRAVIS: On that note, summon the
sword, cast See Invisibility.
LIAM: -- watching you already.
MATT: Make a perception
check for me.
TRAVIS: 19.
MATT: 19.
Looking throughout the chamber,
you feel pretty
safe at the moment.
TRAVIS: Those prying eyes are
at least not here at the moment.
LIAM: Not at the moment.
So what does that mean?
That means we are still
on a ticking clock.
We still need to keep moving.
We would still be very
grateful for your aid,
if you wish to give it to us.
But we have to assume
Trent and his closest,
they could be showing up soon.
And we had the prickly idea,
since we are facing something so
large and potentially
beyond all of us, even you,
that in these circumstances,
perhaps we should be
negotiating an alliance.
(laughter)
LAURA: A temporary one.
You know?
TALIESIN: It does solve
a couple problems.
If he's involved, then it's
not just you working with him,
it's him working with you.
It muddies the water
for any information
he feels the need to spill.
Do we have those crystals?
MATT: "I do wish
it was that simple.
"I mean, I've been expecting my
"choices to catch up to me.
"Maybe not as soon as
I had hoped, but...
"As this is.
"Regardless, it is not safe for
me to remain in this outpost.
"My presence here puts
everyone else in danger.
"Let alone myself.
"As this is not an unknown
location, at least its
existence.
"It would be safe for me to
travel with you into this ruin,
"which I was preparing for.
"I
"do not trust
"working with that man."
LIAM: No.
MATT: "I understand
if you need to,
"but I do not think that
I could be part of that."
MARISHA: Oh, wow.
MATT: "I can find a place to go.
"I am capable of being
slippery when I need to be.
"And I understand
if you find the
"capabilities of a member
of the Assembly more useful,
"given the dangers you face,
and the choice is yours."
LIAM: Essek.
We don't trust him either.
The question is,
one, do you trust us?
And, two,
what we are talking
about could potentially
leave your home
and mine in ashes.
You've committed
sins in your home.
So have I.
You talked about wanting
to make up for them.
If the appropriate amount
of ability and skill
is not wrought
against this enemy,
it could spread across every
inch of the world we know.
I understand this
is unpalatable.
My question to you
is do you want to
protect your home?
MATT: He leans back.
"I do, but I do not...
"I do not think you seek
the right kind of aid.
"Not with this man.
"You mentioned that
one of the Assembly
"already fell under the spell
of whatever this thing is.
"Right?
"This Cognouza."
LIAM: True.
MATT: "Then why should
someone as entrenched,
"as selfish and as
dubious as Ikithon
"not wait 'til the right moment
and take it for himself?"
LIAM: He may very well do so.
And we are prepared
to deal with that.
MATT: "Are you?"
LIAM: Yeah.
And your judgment of him...
Yes, he is corrupt.
You and I know
temptation is very real.
And your estimation
of us is very good,
but it is not as perfect
as you think it is.
And I pull off my coat
and pull clothes down--
LAURA: (gasps)
LIAM: -- and show him the
eye on my right shoulder.
MATT: His eyes narrow as he
looks and peers towards it
with a curiosity and a worry.
His brow furrows immediately.
LAURA: Tell him it
wasn't on purpose.
TALIESIN: I want
to check one thing.
Is there even a
hint of recognition?
MATT: Make a perception check.
Or, sorry, an insight check.
MARISHA: Good question.
TALIESIN: Fucking insight.
Oh, good, 24.
MATT: 24.
Recognition wouldn't
be what I'd say.
Just unexpected processing.
TALIESIN: Okay.
LIAM: Fjord, are we
still good in here?
TRAVIS: Anything new?
Good.
LIAM: I propose a side venture,
in the middle of all of this,
is to rid this
world of that man.
As circumstance provides.
MATT: "So, this
"alliance you promote
"is intended to be
a trap for him?"
LIAM: It's a perk.
If we fail in the coming days,
none of this even matters,
this conversation we're having.
If we succeed, both
our homes still have
their struggles with each other,
their faults, their flaws.
And he is a flaw from our home.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
TRAVIS: Big one.
SAM: That dice!
That dice!
TRAVIS: Meteorite?
Meteorite?
LAURA: It failed you?
It betrayed you in
this vital moment?
LIAM: It super betrayed.
MARISHA: What?
SAM: One.
TRAVIS: Wow.
Wow.
MARISHA: Shit.
TRAVIS: It is real.
SAM: (sighs) Wow.
MATT: Essek thinks it over
for a minute in quiet silence.
MARISHA: Wow.
TRAVIS: Good squeeze.
SAM: Burn it.
MATT: "I understand
what you are proposing,
"and I see the
logic in it, I do.
"But if I am to be honest,
"I am jealous
"of the bravery and confidence
you have in such things.
"I am still a coward."
LIAM: A coward?
You have dared much.
MATT: "I have done
everything for myself.
"And when any of
it came to bear,
"I have done everything
I can to hide and flee.
"I am more than happy
to go and put my life
"on the line for this cause,
"but there is something
about that man
"and what he could bring
upon me and those he...
"He may very well
be coming anyway.
"But if you want
to work with him,
"I may have to
work independently.
"Maybe follow.
"I fear I would
make this messier
"than you need to make it work.
"Does that make sense?
"I just...
"I'm not saying I
leave you alone, but
"we would have to
work separately."
TRAVIS: Yes, of course.
Of course, it makes sense.
There is no good
answer to any of this.
TALIESIN: Absolutely not.
TRAVIS: We don't want you
to be uneasy or unsettled.
There'll be plenty
of that to come.
You must understand
that we are trying
to gather every able hand and--
MATT: "Of course.
"I see the import of that.
"I just know that I've
also survived this long,
"weaving the intricacies
of deceit like I have,
"by knowing how
best to keep myself
"out of the complications
as best as I can."
MATT: "If you wish to
work with him directly,
"I will not stop you.
"And I will help
where I can, but
"it may be at a distance."
MARISHA: Maybe he's got a point.
Maybe Trent is more complicated
than what it's worth
across the board.
LIAM: We have a choice to make.
TRAVIS: Yes.
LIAM: Because Trent brings
power and probably numbers,
but of course he is
untrustworthy, we all know that.
TALIESIN: Is there a way
to find out if he actually
is following us here, if
he knows where we are?
If we can find out if
he's coming anyway,
that certainly
changes the territory.
LAURA: I could send
a message to Astrid.
Tell her to cough if
they're following us.
TALIESIN: Oh, also I
have a strange request.
Would you mind terribly,
taking off your shirt?
MATT: "Excuse me?"
TALIESIN: Well,
what's the word?
Gotten a bit paranoid
and I'd like to make
sure that there's
the correct number of
eyeballs in this room,
if you know what I mean.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
TRAVIS: It's your strong suit.
MATT: (laughs)
LAURA: I'll give him
an advantage and say,
"Essek, if you take
your shirt off,
all of us will."
TALIESIN: 21.
LAURA: So you feel safe
and comfortable.
MARISHA: I will help that
by taking off my glove.
Showing the back of my hand.
SAM: I've already
taken off my shirt.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: No!
MATT: Essek is very, like--
MARISHA: Tig 'ol biddies.
MATT: "If it puts you at ease,"
and you watch as he unsnaps
some of the fasteners
for his mantle and--
LAURA: He's got just a
rippy stripper outfit
and it's just like--
(loud tearing)
MATT: Dunamancy!
(laughter)
LIAM: Sparkle and stars.
TRAVIS: ♪ Janie's got a gun ♪
(laughter)
TALIESIN: A giant chest tattoo.
MATT: Full on Kill-La-Kills it,
I love it.
No, he takes his mantle off
and pulls the sides of the
robe away and you can see
he has an undershirt, it's a
little sleeveless undershirt,
of like a darker gray silk.
And he
begins to show his arms
and reveal-- he's--
he's being modest with it,
doing it in places
so he's not just
full on
bearing it all here,
but he's giving
a fairly thorough glance.
TALIESIN: Back and
head is a big one, too.
MATT: He drops it in the
back a bit and shows,
his hair's pretty
short in the back
so it's pretty easy to see.
TALIESIN: I appreciate that.
MATT: "Of course. I understand."
LAURA: We all
appreciate that, Essek.
TALIESIN: This thing we're
learning to do every day.
MATT: Fastens the
mantle back on.
TRAVIS: Well, we should prepare
to at least explore the ruins
shortly, we do have
a decision to make on
our end.
MATT: "Of course.
"Do as you need to do to
feel certain in your choices.
"Let me know one
way or the other.
"I will aid you however
I can regardless.
"It will just inform how close."
LIAM: If we forego trying
to negotiate with him,
will you come with us?
MATT: "Of course, I
was preparing to."
LIAM: Okay.
SAM: And is Dagen still around?
(laughter)
MATT: "Dagen, along with a
number of guards, have been sent
"to watch the outskirts of the
entrance you had mentioned."
TALIESIN: Thank you.
SAM: That's how
girls do it, right?
ASHLEY: They just roll
it right in. (laughter)
(laughter)
SAM: I think that's
how it works.
(laughter)
SAM: (clicking noise)
MATT: "I would however,
ask some semblance of haste
"because these circumstances
do put a timeline
"that's beyond just the
individual we are racing.
"But the knowledge that
"Master Ikithon has,
"I'll be here if you need me,
"I'm going to begin to
prepare for a journey
"either way."
LAURA: Spend some time with--
LIAM: Spend some time, yeah,
with the--
MATT: "Yes, I will
do that as well.
"Thank you."
TALIESIN: That'll help a lot.
MATT: "Thank you."
MARISHA: Can we stay
here for a little bit?
Just finish our conversation?
MATT: "Certainly. Of course."
And he drifts out
of his chair and
glides around and
through the door
and leaves you to your
devices in the room.
LAURA: Man, Caleb, why didn't
you do a better job convincing
him?
TRAVIS: Oh, that was a great
job, Jester, you did fantastic.
LAURA: You did a good job.
(laughs)
MARISHA: It's a tough ultimatum.
TRAVIS: Although it's
pretty simple though, right?
LIAM: Happens.
SAM: Simple...?
We're choosing between Essek
and Icky? LIAM: Fuckin' dice.
TRAVIS: Yeah, we get
one dedicated ally
that we know doesn't
want the thing
that we're trying to keep
out of the hands of Lucien,
and then on the
other side, we get
more hands, but
perhaps more power,
but an almost certainty
that they will try and keep
whatever they prevent Lucien
from doing for themselves.
LAURA: Yeah, which means we're
left fighting them at end.
MARISHA: Yeah, the last
thing that we need is for
some double crossing,
other complication.
LIAM: I'm frustrated, I feel
like we could have worked it,
but one person that we can trust
is better than three
that we cannot.
LAURA: I agree.
TRAVIS: Agree.
LAURA: They could turn on us
in the middle of the fight.
SAM: Can we at least
reach out to Astrid?
LAURA: Find out if
they're following us?
SAM: Well yes, and ask if
maybe she could tear away?
I don't know.
TRAVIS: Yeah, the key to the
volstruckers would be that
unless
Trent is dead, they're still
going to fight on his side.
If we could fell him, then
perhaps they would turn.
But that's a big "if."
And until then, the tide
would not be in our favor.
We should check in with Astrid.
LIAM: We could, we
need to be vague.
If they know where we are,
if they know where
Essek is, they do.
But just in case, keep it vague.
Maybe ask her...
are they following?
TALIESIN: And where
they think we are.
LAURA: If she's around him,
she won't be able to answer.
So we'll have to give her, like,
you know, like cough.
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: I've got to figure
it out because otherwise
it's going to be very confusing.
TALIESIN: We did try and throw
him off the path a while ago.
SAM: Cough four times
if they're following us.
LAURA: Exactly.
Cough once if you're following,
twice if you're not following,
three times if you
know where we are.
TRAVIS: Nope, that's
the same as one.
LIAM: Yeah.
Just cough--
MARISHA: (laughs)
LIAM: -- cough if
you are on our tail
and don't cough if you are not.
MARISHA: But then how will we
know if she got the message?
Maybe it should be a
cough and a sneeze?
SAM: Or a throat clear? MARISHA:
Oh yeah, a throat clear.
LAURA: Yeah, give
a-- (fake coughs)
if they're following us and just
(sniffs) if they're not.
MARISHA: I like that.
That's not bad. LAURA: Okay.
SAM: Wait, before you do this,
just to throw them off our tail,
Caduceus, you can do
Thaumaturgy, right?
TALIESIN: Yeah.
SAM: Maybe you could make it
sound like seagulls are
happening behind her.
LAURA: I don't know
if that transfers.
I don't think it
sends my environment.
I think it's just my voice.
(laughter)
ASHLEY: You can still do it in
the background. TRAVIS: It's a
foley.
We can make some
cobblestones and maybe some
street vendors.
SAM: Oh yeah, we can
do some call-out.
TRAVIS: "Hey, getcha--"
SAM: (indistinct yelling)
MATT: Oh my god.
TALIESIN: Can you walk
around in a circle.
SAM: -- for sale!
TALIESIN: Everybody--
ASHLEY: I like that idea.
LAURA: I don't need any
more distractions, please.
(laughter)
SAM: "Haberdasher!
"Haberdasher over here!"
TRAVIS: "Seventh day,
"seventh center of the world!"
MATT: "Well struck, my lord!"
LIAM: "Huzzah to the victor!"
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Do you even remember
what we're supposed to say?
LAURA: No. Okay, let's do it.
MATT: Twice in one
episode, hell yeah.
LIAM: We're in Trostenwald.
LAURA: Okay.
TRAVIS: You do you. TALIESIN:
Where did we throw them off to?
SAM: (tongue horse trot noises)
LAURA: I'm going
to send a message
to Astrid.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: (whispering) It's me.
Jester.
(laughter)
Hey,
I don't know if you're alone--
SAM: Oh, jesus.
LAURA: -- if you're not,
(laughing) and
you're following us--
(laughter)
MARISHA: Oh no.
ASHLEY: Great start.
TALIESIN: Oh, you did it.
(laughter)
SAM: "If you're not and
you're following us"?
(laughter)
LAURA: Clear your throat
if you're not following us.
(laughter)
LIAM: Clear your throat if
you're not following us?
LAURA: Clear your throat
if you aren't following us
is what I said.
MARISHA: I really
hope she's alone.
(laughter)
LIAM: Caleb's like--
TRAVIS: (buzzing)
(crash)
MATT: There's a pause.
"I'm so very confused."
LAURA: She's alone.
LIAM: Round two.
TRAVIS: Yep.
MATT: "What did you say?"
MARISHA: Oh no!
(laughter)
LAURA: She's alone.
I'll send her another message.
TRAVIS: That hurt my forehead.
Popped a vein between
my skull and my skin.
LAURA: Sorry.
I need to know if
you're following us.
If you know where we are.
What's the plan with you guys?
Hope you're alone.
If you're not.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Another
open-ended option.
(laughter)
MATT: This spell and
Jester is my favorite
Pandora's Box combination
this entire campaign.
TALIESIN: This is amazing.
TRAVIS: Oh my god.
TALIESIN: Oh wow.
(laughter)
MATT: Astrid responds.
"A volstrucker has never
disentangled from Trent before.
"No one who knows what he does,
"how he breaks us,
"has shared their
trauma with the world."
That's the end of her response.
And then she follows
up with her own.
SAM: Ooh! She's got her own?
MATT: "With the king,
"imagine the threat
you are to him
"now that you carry respect
of both crown and Kryn.
"So yes,
"he's invested."
LAURA: Oh shit.
I tell Caleb all of that.
SAM: Invested?
LIAM: Break that
down for me again.
Now that she--
TRAVIS: Yes, he's, we're
a threat because we're--
LIAM: Invested in both sides.
TRAVIS: Crown and Kryn,
but that didn't answer if
they know where we are.
LAURA: They know where we are.
MARISHA: Or invested means they
could still be researching it?
MATT: The phrase
she referred to,
which she explains that
a volstrucker has never
disentangled from Trent before.
No one who has gone
through the trauma
of becoming a volstrucker
has expressed the process
and the abuse
to the King
or anyone outside of his employ.
LAURA: So you're a
huge danger to him.
MATT: So you're a
huge threat to him.
MARISHA: Big ol' liability.
TALIESIN: He's going
to kill us all.
LAURA: He wants to.
TALIESIN: He has to.
LAURA: But if we can kill him.
TRAVIS: We need to know
if they know where we are
if they're coming.
TALIESIN: He won't cooperate.
LIAM: Well, he sure would say
he'd like to cooperate, though,
if we asked him.
LAURA: I think
by her saying yes,
Trent is invested,
that's her saying that, yes,
they're coming after us.
MARISHA: Well, in my opinion,
that means we pick Essek
as our close person
and then we hope the timing
works out in our favor
with them.
TRAVIS: Yes.
LIAM: Yeah.
We need to,
as we move forward,
be ready for them just to be
here at a moment's notice.
MARISHA: For sure.
LIAM: So,
you know, if we can think
our way out of a problem
instead of
attacking it like it's
an ancient obelisk
in the middle of a field,
that's the way to go
because you want to have
all of your capabilities.
I have
this.
And Caleb takes out a collar.
You might recognize
this from our time
inside of the Folding
Halls of Halas.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LIAM: I've been working
on it for a while.
I've had a little bit
of help, thank you.
SAM: You're welcome.
LIAM: I don't think
I should have this.
I think one of
the ladies should.
And I'm not sure which.
But if we can get
this on his neck
in that crucial moment--
MARISHA: With you
being a distraction.
LIAM: We can buy ourselves
some time with him.
TRAVIS: Trent's neck?
LIAM: Yes.
SAM: What would it do?
LIAM: It will prevent
him from being able to
use his abilities on us.
SAM: Well, Beau's very fast.
LAURA: Beau's very fast
and Yasha's very strong.
I think if we give that to Beau,
Yasha can try to grapple him.
MARISHA: And I can get it on.
Sure.
LAURA: Plus, you've
got a lot of attacks.
MARISHA: I do.
TALIESIN: That's true.
Lot of opportunities
to stun him.
SAM: To attach to
him, just has to be
thrown around and strapped?
LIAM: It's got to be
put around his neck.
LAURA: And click.
LIAM: Like a collar on a cat.
SAM: Clicked, locked?
TRAVIS: No magic, no activation,
no word?
LIAM: Click it shut.
MARISHA: Does it take time to
attune, to connect?
LIAM: Just needs to
clasp around his neck.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Well, that's the thing.
LAURA: Wow.
TALIESIN: I've got some spells
that might help that I've been
thinking about preparing.
Forbiddance, if we have a ruby
around,
is an option.
TRAVIS: What does that do?
TALIESIN: It creates
a very, very large
field
where teleportation
is not possible.
LAURA: Oh yeah, the Traveler
was telling me about that.
TALIESIN: Yeah. Like
40,000 feet square.
LAURA: That's a pretty powerful
spell. TRAVIS: 40,000?!
ASHLEY: What?
TALIESIN: Yep.
TRAVIS: Nobody leaves,
everybody stays?
TALIESIN: Nobody leaves.
Nobody can even Plane Shift.
TRAVIS: Or come into the space?
TALIESIN: You can come in,
but you can't teleport in.
And you can also make
it so that certain
types of creatures just
take damage when they enter.
TRAVIS: Goodness gracious.
LAURA: Can they teleport out?
I feel like you can
teleport out of it.
You just can't teleport into it.
TALIESIN: That's right.
It also proofs the area
against planar travel.
So yeah, you can't get in by the
way of the Astral Plane, yeah.
Or Plane Shift.
Yeah. That plus
some silence spells
that are always good
for dealing with
magic people.
LAURA: Yeah.
TALIESIN: Get them in a bubble.
LAURA: Symbol's pretty great.
TALIESIN: Symbol's pretty great.
LAURA: But Forbiddance is good.
I don't know if I have any.
How expensive of a ruby
does it need to be?
MATT: It's 40,000 square feet.
So you're aware,
yeah, not a radius.
TALIESIN: Not a radius, no.
1,000.
LAURA: 1,000?
I mean,
my mama gave me
my ruby necklace.
MARISHA: Oh no.
TALIESIN: Well,
if it comes to it,
we'll sleep on it.
I would rather not.
MARISHA: Also, something that
I want all of you spellcasters
to commit to memory.
When I was in there
fighting Lucien,
jumping in balls deep,
what I was able to learn
is that he is resistant
to fire and necrotic,
and he is immune
to psychic, charm,
frightened, and stunned.
So commit that to memory
when you're planning your
spells. SAM: Which ones again?
MARISHA: Resistant.
TRAVIS: Yeah, resistant
to fire and necrotic.
MARISHA: You know, not
weaker there, you know?
And then he is
completely immune to psychic,
charm, frightened, stun.
TRAVIS: Psychic, charm,
frightened, stun.
LIAM: So no mind games with him.
TALIESIN: That's good.
LIAM: This is difficult.
SAM: Well, we can hit him.
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: As long as we don't
stand directly in front of him.
TALIESIN: And we have some
tools to help with that, too.
LAURA: Yeah. Oh,
that's right, we do.
LIAM: Yeah, if we can set up
shop before they arrive we have
three, I think
of those intuit charges.
The first one that we found
and then there were
some in that bag.
MATT: Correct. They were that
the Tomb Takers were carrying.
LAURA: That's psychic
damage that it does, though,
so it wouldn't do
nothing to him.
LIAM: Oh, nothing
to them, right.
LAURA: But we do have the
Allura-- the things Allura gave
us
which keeps them from doing
anti-magic against us.
LIAM: No, it shows us.
It's like a black light and
shows where he's put it down
so we can see it
moving through space.
MATT: Yeah, it doesn't
prevent it, but it gives you
some strategic information
TRAVIS: Indicator.
LIAM: We're not
fighting blind to it.
LAURA: Got it.
MARISHA: Are we going to start
at the secret entrance
that we know of?
Or are we going to work
our way backwards to there?
Feel like we should
start there, right?
LAURA: Start there.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LAURA: Start there and are
we going into the ruins?
TRAVIS: Yeah.
LAURA: We got to go into the
ruins from the secret entrance
and hope that--
MARISHA: Beat him.
LAURA: Should we
tell all of Essek's
people to move away
from the secret entrance so that
they think they can use it?
So we can lead them
down the correct path?
MARISHA: I think
that's brilliant. Yeah.
I think the more we cat
and mouse them the better.
LIAM: Do we want to delve
too far into the ruins?
Because the ruins, most likely,
have their own dangers
to us and we don't
want to drain ourselves--
LAURA: This is true.
LIAM: -- climbing through it.
So we certainly don't want to
be waiting on the doorstep.
LAURA: My worry is that they
won't use that entrance,
they'll have another
entrance and they'll just
go around back and we'll never
even know that they already
did all their shit until
the city is upon us.
SAM: Well, we should
have a second team.
Not of us, but Essek's men
at the main entrance
or is there a main?
TALIESIN: There are
guards, if I recall,
at the main entrance
to the temple
but I don't think anyone
knows how to get to this wing
through the main entrance.
LIAM: Can we, out
of character here,
review what we
know, which is you
had your vision thanks
to your dope roll.
MATT: He knows exactly
where that secret entrance.
LIAM: Secret entrance
to it is, okay.
SAM: That's where
they're going to go in.
TALIESIN: That's where
they're going to try first.
MATT: There are multiple
excavations of the ruins.
There are multiple
entrances to the ruins,
but some of them
are controlled by,
you know, different factions.
Some have been abandoned
because they collapsed possibly,
some of them are
controlled by this outpost,
some are controlled by
Empire interests.
LIAM: And they no
longer know where we are
or what we're doing.
LAURA: Right.
SAM: We can just wait for them.
TRAVIS: I feel like
we'll need to see it.
Any of Essek's men that are
going to be a part of this
are going to be dead men.
So cat and mouse is good,
but we also need to
see the entrance,
what's after the entrance,
and maybe a little bit
further into that, depending
on how much time we have.
If there is a terrain
that suits an ambush,
we have to scope it first.
TALIESIN: It's also possible
we could collapse that entrance
and force them
through the main one.
TRAVIS: Possible.
LAURA: But there's no main
one, there's multiple ones.
You know what I mean?
TALIESIN: There's the
one that everyone knows.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: I like the ambush plan.
TALIESIN: Ambush
plan is not bad.
LIAM: Yeah. But you're right,
we're just guessing a little
bit, so we need to take a look.
SAM: Should we go now?
MARISHA: The moment we
pop off those traps,
they'll know.
TRAVIS: Yes.
MARISHA: Show our hand.
There could actually
be something to
collapsing the tunnel
once they're in
so that they can't backtrack
the moment they set the trap.
TRAVIS: Or as they're coming in.
MARISHA: And that could be
something that we have Essek's
men
do from the outside
and they just watch,
let them go in,
give it a moment, blast
the tunnel, then hopefully
spring our trap.
TRAVIS: We need to see it.
MARISHA: We need to see it.
LAURA: Yeah.
TALIESIN: I got some thoughts.
LAURA: Get there before them.
MARISHA: Is there any
reason for us to stay here?
Or should we go right now?
TRAVIS: We should let--
LIAM: We should go right now.
TRAVIS: -- Essek know that--
MATT: (light knocking)
MARISHA: Who is it?
LIAM: Yeah, hello?
MATT: "It's Essek."
MARISHA: Oh.
MARISHA: Hey, come in.
LIAM: Come on in.
LAURA: Wait, we're naked!
MATT: The doorway opens, stops.
And slowly opens. (sigh)
The door opens the rest
of its way on its own.
You see he's wearing
his heavy cloak with the
heavy fur trim around the
side for the cold weather.
He has a pouch over his
shoulder, tucked underneath.
He has an orb
that's affixed to
his side that he just
lifts up and it
drifts above his hand.
And you watch as
it warms up a bit
and creates this radius
of warmth around.
LAURA: Ooh!
MATT: He goes,
"I have what I need.
"Are you all ready to go?"
SAM: I think so.
LIAM: As ready as we're
going to be, yeah.
MATT: "All right.
Have you decided?"
LIAM: Yes, Essek, we are
going to stick with you.
We feel we can trust you more
than my old teacher.
LAURA: Also, that guy,
he can't float.
MATT: "You're not wrong."
You see,
when you say the word "trust,"
it's simultaneously like seeing
a small hit to the heart.
And whatever icy
bit that cracked
melts away for a minute.
There's a moment of him
hearing the word and letting it
wash over him.
"I'm thankful for the
trust you put in me.
"And
"I hope to
"make this
"up to you.
"Anyway, I'm,
"bad at such
discussions. Shall we?"
MARISHA: Yeah.
Essek, do you still have men
stationed at that entrance
that we told you
about before we left?
MATT: "I do. I have seven
men and that Dagen."
LAURA: Oh, cool! MATT: "That
man that you sent to us."
MARISHA: Fucking
Dagen, that's right.
SAM: Do they have the
ability to communicate
with you telepathically
or send a message?
MATT: "No, but I can
send them a message."
MARISHA: When was the last
time you checked in with them?
MATT: "That would
be this morning."
MARISHA: Oh, great.
Everything okay?
MATT: "So far, so good, yes.
"They're growing a bit bored
up there, but, you know,
"that's part of the job."
SAM: If there's any danger,
there's no way of them
reaching out to you, though.
MATT: "Unfortunately, no."
SAM: Okay.
TRAVIS: These men,
are they fighters?
Do they have arcane
abilities as well?
MATT: "They are not.
"Based on specifically
what you told me,
"they are trained
rangers, combatants,
"individuals that are now
"ready to use the environment
to their advantage."
LAURA: They're good at hiding?
MATT: "They are extremely
good at hiding."
MARISHA: Have they been
hiding while they patrol this
or have they been
openly standing guard?
MATT: "I would assume
they have been hiding,
"it is what their specialty is."
TRAVIS: And hiding
by physical means?
Blending into their environment?
MATT: "Yes."
TRAVIS: Good.
That might help. TALIESIN:
Probably will be enough.
We're dealing without someone
who's very good at seeing.
MATT: "They do have a means of
communicating in an emergency.
"That would be--"
TRAVIS: (impact)
MATT: "Yes,
"a flare stone.
"But since they are not
practitioners of magic,
"they do not have
that capability."
TRAVIS: That's good.
LAURA: How far away
is the entrance?
MATT: "It's a better part
of a day's travel for me."
LAURA: Oh, okay.
MATT: "Let's see how
the weather holds up.
"But if we march on,
"a heavy march, we will arrive
by or just past sundown.
"Otherwise, we will make
camp and then arrive
"first thing in the morning."
SAM: Okay. Let's go, then.
TRAVIS: Yes.
TALIESIN: I'll need one more
rest before anything happens,
so that's good.
MATT: "All right.
"Mighty Nein,
"you're almost
fulfilling your number,"
And he drifts out into the cold,
open air of the day.
TRAVIS: Dagen makes nine.
MARISHA: Yeah, he does!
SAM: We'll follow.
MATT: All right, as you step
out, you can see the guard
that has been stationed within
this outpost has been doubled
since your arrival.
Likely placed at the
knowledge of Trent's
possible arrival.
But they all see you off
giving a respectful chest
and hand bow towards
Essek and you
as you make your way
beyond the outpost
and back onto the familiar
white snow covered icy plains
of the valley
cresting into the bowl
that is the ruin of Aeor.
MARISHA: Oh my god.
MATT: And we'll pick up
from there next week.
MARISHA: Oh!
TRAVIS: No problem. No problem.
MATT: Well cool, I get to
bring this mini in now.
(cheering)
MARISHA: Buddy!
LAURA: Yay!
MATT: You had choices.
LIAM: Take a picture
and share it with us.
MATT: I will, I will,
I'll send it to you.
MARISHA: Look at that
little war criminal.
MATT: Right?
Awesome. Good game, guys.
LIAM: Who among us has not
handed over the most precious
object
in our country's possession?
MARISHA: Yeah. Who hasn't
committed a little war crime?
A little treason.
LIAM: A little
patricide on this side.
MATT: (laughs)
Man, this is some, like,
Northern Crater heading into
the final dungeon battle.
TRAVIS: Yep.
ASHLEY: Yep.
MATT: All right, all right.
Well, we'll pick up
from there next week.
Thank you all so
much for joining us.
We love you very much.
And is it Thursday yet?
Good night.